In the life of a friend, those days are no longer!
Fog light red light...
The true flavor of life, in a &quot; &quot; word; life style, in a &quot; &quot. The wind came, the bamboo branches in the wind; the wind is gone, bamboo has stood straight, like the wind, have never been the same. Clouds come, leaving a shadow at the bottom of the lake; the clouds are gone, and the pool is clean, as if the clouds had not come. A broad-minded person, not because people neglect and will not hurt others because be up his hat, and feel depressed.
People often cheat you, to make you understand, sometimes, the only person you should trust is yourself.
The people of Capricorn who instinctively reject the false and artificial. The people of Capricorn don't really get angry, angry, and soon forget! The man who truly understands himself, shows his creativity, his emotions become cold and he begins to look at you, and when he is silent, he is angry...
Light color of the kitchen, you can also collocation dark dining table and curtains, the two colors will not conflict, beautiful still. If you don't like a big picture, you can choose to hang on the wall with a number of small decorative paintings. In this way, not only make you in the dining can be a feast for the eyes, also beautify the kitchen.
Which kind of red milk powder method is the most easy to absorb children? ] powdered milk to the child, be sure to pour the boiling water, cooled to 60 or 70 degrees when add the corresponding milk shake on it, if the temperature is too hot, will put milk in nutrient composition of scatter, absorption effect better, the water temperature is too low is not good, the temperature of 60 or 70 degrees of powdered milk, will make the milk nutrition more complete release, let children better absorption.
Don't care too much about what you did when you were young. Youth this thing, no matter how you too, strict or crazy, or at random, you will be the same as it was a mess.
You are a great love of people? "You are not a man of face? Do you always like gum like tweaking? Do you have much to fear? (test).
Rough and tough as the world is As don, t 'forget to find beauty in the simple things., although the world is so difficult, but also do not forget to find a simple beauty.
Car model Goddess: Fu Manni beauty air super beauty
What are you ___ cat God stood in what is _ in who _ ah
[easy schedule management] a calendar application, you can synchronize with the Android calendar and Google calendar. Make you more convenient and quick to manage your schedule! The software has five calendar views: day, week, month, agenda, and horizontal calendar. With this software, you can record and arrange the things you're about to do, and you can copy them by dropping the calendar, week, month, agenda, and landscape.
Purple based design, with a sense of mystery, this gorgeous color also only with a European style of elegance to highlight its noble and the atmosphere. The sofa chair pink, soft design, comfortable sitting feeling bring endless romantic enjoyment of life. Golden border line no one is not a luxury show.
Today husband touched the stuff joke said: husband here you put toothpick why, did not think her husband back to me a sentence: because you like to take it teeth = = I'm actually speechless. Big night's hair.
[notice: 6 let Meimei mask more awesome tricks] 1, deposited before the need to thoroughly clean the skin. 2, will be frozen. 3, before the first hot compress mask. 4, to be precise position of the mask. 5, eye mask is a close partner. 6, eye mask can not be deposited in a day. If you apply it every day, President of the oil particles! In addition, it can not be deposited with mask sleep, otherwise once the essence mask in the volatile, will take away the skin
[Hangzhou] the beauty of Hangzhou, lies in its mountains, its water, its pavilions Hin terrace, it is. Is the so-called heaven, there are Suzhou and hangzhou. Will travel to men of literature and writing.
She did not do anything wrong, she is only because of love you, so you are more humble than you, than you are small, be you, you despise, you do not cherish.
Eat watermelon, comrade attention! 8 big things to eat. 1, if there is diabetes; 2, if you do not complete the whole; 3, if you have just a cold; 4, if you have an oral ulcer; 5, if you have a baby, then it is best to eat watermelon! Even if you are not the 5 types of people, but also to pay attention to: 6, after dinner do not eat melon; 7, watermelon should not eat too much; 8, ice watermelon let your stomach damage.
Super shock, an opening makes the person touched, Paul McCartney, hundreds of thousands of people in Russia concert will be perfect to sing classic "let it be", made a stir in the audience.
[1] the blood can be found in many diseases of iron deficiency anemia. When hemoglobin < 100g/L, red blood cell count < 3.5 * 1012/L or hematocrit < 0.30 can be diagnosed as anemia. Aplastic anemia. Mediterranean anemia. (1) MCV (mean corpuscular volume) = 82fl; (2) MCH (mean corpuscular hemoglobin) is less than or equal to 27.0pg, as long as the two finger
[village] false exorcism spirits, really! Who does not pay the money to the ghost rushed to the home...
The best feeling is to find a partner who can talk. All kinds of topics, never say, repeat the language, also do not feel tired. Company, is a kind of habit of sexual gratification; understand, is a kind of nostalgic heart exchange two. Always feel the time is too short, the original, go the fastest is not the time, but the two people together happy. Happiness, there is a person who read you; warm, you are willing to accompany you
Read more books and keep doing things keep talented, warm, light fame keep healthy, not vulgar raise integrity, dare as a noble spirit.
One family of love too be deeply attached to each other!
Lingling hearthstone soldiers live arena record 8 game winning streak
Small joss stick the breeze as the new darling of the fashion more and more women love, this elegant long jacket is the optimal choice of the fashionable ol office.
Collocation points: white short sleeved T-shirt + leopard bag hip skirt + Black pointy shoes.
&quot; use value &quot; 1, you are useful, you can give people practical value; 2, you have data, and you can open your eyes, 3, you can listen to other people's ideas and published valuable ideas; 4, you can charge the value of others; 5, you can bring people happy mood; 6, you have a heart, positive energy.
Increase the risk of infant allergic factors, 1, parents or one side of allergic diseases; 2, cesarean section and formula feeding, including raw milk after eating the formula; 3, contact with bacteria is too small - the family too use disinfectant and no medical basis and abuse of antibiotics; 4, living in a second-hand smoke pollution environment. Prevention of allergy from natural childbirth and breastfeeding.
"The taste of the heart, there have been her beauty, lie to yourself what is on the empty seat, blowing cold wind, and back, and wake up to and then chase", and - fan fan 2013 new album "aftertaste" MV, TV drama "new love era," the theme song.
"Mom, you tell me about the outside of the spring is what kind of?" The little parrot in the cage excited to jump. "Silly child, waiting for her mother to save you out and then go to see the peach blossom", "bang -" "today is really lucky, can play at home to a bird".
[you] money losing the chance of becoming something you said, God sent you a month off the eye window, you will barely choose what kind of punishment? [A] cockeye; [B] [C] slanted eyes; three eyes.
Sweet and spicy tofu 1, tender tofu cut into the box. 2, add salt hot water, remove and drain water. 3 small fire fry wok, peanut, cool. 4, fried peanuts peeled, crush. 5, coriander cut, chopped onion. 6, into the bowl of juice, sugar, salt, vinegar, soy sauce, sesame oil and chili oil. 7, the bowl of juice on the tofu. 8, sprinkle with peanuts and parsley segment, eat when you can.
There is a universal actor in the domestic TV series - dog, which can both play the wolf and the fox. There is no sense of violation and!
If a person is silent for a long time, it will become depressed. The crowd seemed only themselves, boundless deserted. I have never been the loneliest people in the world, will not be sad tortured to die, why are you addicted to inextricably bogged down in? Emotion is a demon, you control it.
New gun evaluation of crossing the line of fire! The M4A1 test! ~
The biggest trouble in life is not to choose, but to know what you want to be, not to know the end of life.
[identify sounds] with a baby to a close to the nature of the outdoor environment, the opportunity to contact the natural sound of the big increase, the father and mother can tell the baby to pay attention to a sound. For example, the sounds of animals, the wind and thunder, can be used to enhance the baby's hearing. After the baby has a memory of these sounds, you can let him hear the voice immediately identify. By stimulating the baby's hearing will make him feel more acute, becoming more alert.
A true love is what doesn 't strive for busyness, for extravagance, for luxury, and moreover for hokum. true love is not fastidious lively ostentation and extravagance does not pay attention to downtown do not pay attention to the howling head.
The five skills of breeding 1, considerate child's feelings, give children the opportunity to talk to children, 2, specific points out the consequences of the child's misconduct, not to be scolded, let the children understand the reasons for parents discipline; 3, with the children to discuss and formulate to comply with the norms and firm implementation; 4, the use of transfer attention focus and mood, with empathy to comfort the child; 5, accompany the child to face problems, guide children to think about.
[broccoli braised shrimp] 1. Broccoli to stem diameter, breaking into small pieces; boiled a pot of boiling water, put a little salt and a few drops of oil, broccoli Zhuo cooked, picked up the backswing disk backup; 2. Shrimp by adding cooking wine, soy sauce, oyster sauce, a little salt, a little chicken and mushroom extract, stir well; 3. The pot hot oil put shrimp stir fry cooked wobble; 4. Just juice add oyster sauce, water, starch boiled a thin under the shower can be.
A friend's house is like drinking and drinking.
"Do what you love to do, and do not do what you hate to do." (honestly think it is better to be a failure at something you love than to be a success at something yo I
Boxer loves his baby The
Is expected to appear in a new generation of Volvo S40 exposure, with the Geneva auto show near and Volvo V40 official figure released, and as the Volvo V40 three car models of Volvo S40 also apparently to the renewal of the time, this is not, foreign media that recently exposed a new generation of Volvo S40 imaginary map, is expected to officially released this year.
Fall in love with a person, we are actually in love with a feeling, only he can give the feeling. Do not love a person, because it is not feeling. Do not love is not love, and then barely use.
Super giant worm in the "super giant worm Mega Worm Super", players have to control a huge worm, to eat all of the ground. You can crawl along the ground, also from the ground up, to beat all the human bashing. The monster but also to some extent vacated, attack air plane, helicopter and balloon.
Disciple asked the master: "can you talk about the strange thing about human beings?" Answer: "they rush to grow up, and then lament the lost childhood; they exchange money for health, shortly after and want to use money to recover their health. They are anxious about the future, but they ignore the happiness now. Therefore, they are not living in the present, nor live in the future. Live as if they will never die; before his death, and as though they had never lived."
According to the design of the bathroom, a very good space in every corner of the. The layer is separated into a block of tofu in the shower area, above the ingenuity and out of a fan skylight, standing beneath a bath can see outside the blue sky, bathed in brilliant sunshine. The bathtub also chose the narrow and narrow type, which is consistent with the chamber.
[prevention of myocardial infarction attack method] 1. Maintain a cheerful mood, failing is not anxious not impatient, appropriate work and rest, avoid because of emotional excitement induced by ischemia of coronary artery spasm. In the patients with coronary heart disease, the emergency medicine, such as nitroglycerin tablets and other emergency medicine, as well as the marking cards of the relatives and the medical history of the family, should be carried out. Appropriate exercise can help the rehabilitation of patients, but can not act with undue haste. The amount of exercise in order not to feel tired and uncomfortable.
Use of excellent lighting, placed on the window next to the light green plants, the color of the whole room is the sun and the sun and the unique nature of the fresh. Green seats also echo the overall temperament.
Blue and white or green mountains and rivers are the scenery will miss it.
Bad breath often drink sweet scented osmanthus tea. Osmanthus commonly used to relieve dry mouth and throat, halitosis, toothache. Take dry sweet scented osmanthus 3 grams, 5 grams of green tea or oolong tea, boiling water for 6 minutes, you can drink.
[baby burp swollen? Do] 1, when the baby hiccup, first the picked up, gently pat the back, and then fed with warm water; 2, picked up by a hand finger tip in the baby's mouth or ear gently scratching, general to the cry issued, belch will stop; 3, to stimulate the plantar the crying, the termination of the natural contraction of the diaphragm. 4, don't in the baby over hunger or cry very hard to nurse.
[street graffiti] this is a small alien Ann living in the streets of Arbor Sluggo, from the artist Zinn David using a piece of chalk painting, from the beginning of the 08 years slowly surfaced on the streets, then more and more, always in a suitable landscape in harmony.
Skin oxidation is the main cause of skin aging, due to the destruction of free radicals, the skin will rapidly aging, resulting in skin color dull yellow, which is why the age of growth will make people become yellow, so we need to use a few antioxidant ingredients in skin care products, help improve skin age.
Finally know why homework is not a number of nouns, because it is not the end of the TM to do...
Caring for someone is easy, but ` make 'someone products for you is difficult.why so never lose the one who really cares for you!, concern for others is not difficult to, difficult is let others pass
[beauty skin care tips] oat exfoliating, exfoliating is each eyebrow in the United States every two weeks to do things, use oats to horny effect good, the approach is very simple, as long as the oatmeal soaked in fresh milk in half an hour, and stir into a paste, apply on the face, about 15 minutes later with warm water rinse.
A: "how do you start smoking again?" B: "before I think about the benefits of smoking, I quit smoking. Now I see that smoking is more good than smoking in another subject, and I have to open it again." A: "this is what kind of discipline?" B: "relationship."
Not easily angry, do not calculate the evil of human.
[Superman] a letter to dream of love letters, the first half of reality, second half of Utopia, little cookie cutter, sensational, flaw, but more joy, the overall inspirational. Several guest stars unchaste, female Lord Chen Tingxuan and fresh.
A full-length mirror and storage cabinets bathroom, cabinet design and before introduced similar to the kitchen, and a small stool, and used the site as a cloakroom.
Not to decide the will is not real will; no character of the people never make a decision.
[the players to restore the top ten martial "Jian Wang 3" cos style show hot] "JX online version of the three" Anshi chaos in love colleagues show the eighth on-the-spot events cos style show popular open, talented players have been encouraged to register, the first day of the entries has exceeded 200. Internationally effort to restore the well-known NPC in the game and the top ten martial, when valiant silhouette in the political arena from the screen went around and some kind of scenery.
The concave set small is very like it, are the shape of a polygon for the whole groove space more interesting. Combined with simple hand drawn, fresh green collocation full of spring breath of hand drawn, it is suitable for fresh and lovely princess room oh.
Strong heart let the goddess with Heartbeat rotor!
A suit jacket with metallic elements, not only can bring a different feeling to the fall and winter seasons, is also able to satisfy your desire to the tough neutral style. With the soft scarf mashup is also very harmonious.
To create a new South Korean KBS2 drama "beautiful man" recently officially begun blessing and shooting, a head of long hair debut Jang Geun Suk actress IU hair is longer than, grabbed the heroine thunder, in the drama will be staged in the handsome and ordinary girl 's traditional love story.
Striped T-shirt retro flavor, V collar design show sexy collarbone, bat sleeve arm fat cover design.
[Kia K5 ten anniversary special edition listed sale 19.08-24.98 million yuan] Kia K5 ten anniversary special edition by the new metallic grille, chrome side skirt decorated with new 18 inch mirror shining hub. In the interior part, Kia K5 special edition with high light black style. 2.0L and 2.4L two engine options, the maximum power of 162 horsepower and 179 horsepower, the transmission part of the
You're a big deal......
[the twelve constellations of love preservation surgery] first, anytime, anywhere to let the other party can relate to them; second, frequent communication, the hearts of the idea. Third, respect each other, praise each other; fourth, don't and friends of the opposite sex linked and endlessly; fifth, develop common interest hobby; sixth, quarrel avoid cold war, take the initiative to admit
[] soybean fry chicken wings practice: 1) the preparation of materials: soak mushrooms 3, soybean 100g, chicken wings 4. 2) mushrooms shred, half diced chicken wings. 3) wok pour oil, add ginger and garlic until fragrant, add chicken stir fry until the surface is slightly yellow. 4) into the amount of cooking wine, 1 tablespoon soy sauce and stir fry evenly. 5) adding soybean fry, add water to the boil and simmer for 10 minutes. 6) add the mushrooms and cook 5 minutes to the fire.
Tie side plait of fried dough twist of the Korean hairstyle ligature, played a very good facial grooming sharing, oblique bangs hairstyle is a very good repair Yan girls hair, choose chestnut brown hair color, foil the girls white transparent skin, the braid Korean hairstyle, emitting a women, the elegant temperament, lovely hair hoop collocation and sweet feeling.
[cargo decisive walking, Mango Sago] 1, water to boil, pour sago cook for 3 to 5 minutes; 2, turn off the heat cover and simmer for 5 to 8 minutes, remove and look at, sago has a lot of white core; 3, again, boil 3 to 5 minutes off the fire cover and simmer for 5 to 8 minutes, repeat until all Shmi transparent; 4, remove and ice water, coconut paste, add sugar, seasoning; 5, mango peeled to the core, diced into coconut sago.
[to do so to make hair color more durable] hair the day after shampooing again, avoid the color most likely to fall off the stage; wash water temperature should not be overheating; choose a color protecting effect of shampoo and hair care cream; can be in the hair cream to add two drops of chamomile essential oil to enhance the color protecting effect. But even more care, hair color, the longest only lasts about 3 months, so this is still necessary in a timely manner.
The most romantic story in the world, is not that Romeo and Juliet die together, but I'm old with you. Most romantic story is not about Romeo and Juliet who died together. But Grandma and Grandpa who GRE The
Life is incomplete, is not terrible, terrible is that we always live in the past, living in the memory, not willing to face the present, in the face of today, and miss many good.
A poor three generations, waist thick ruined life ~
[love Dafa can you repair a few levels] rivers and lakes in the legend had a love Dafa, who owns it, who will be in love war after 100 won, but can practice to the level, only to see the understanding. Want to know if you got the love Dafa, can fix what level? (test).
Happiness and pain in fact are the wealth of life, there is nothing to go, just to go back. Life picture of the background light. Is no use complaining, you laugh or, or cry, no one hears you speak; the dream is the no use, you go Ye Hao, Ye Hao stop, we have to face is the cruelty of reality bloody.
This is called treason.
[the jelly cup] 1 eggs add sugar to the size of the expansion, grain is not easy to open three low powder into the egg paste, 2 times per turn evenly mixed with the next 3 dissolved butter into the cake paste, stir well into the 4 to enter the cake mold after the oven, 170 degrees 40 minutes or so.
Every time to smear to the neck: some people use latex often only smear on the face and ignore the neck, in fact, the neck of the fat secretion is very small, but also need to add water and oil, so be sure to develop a skin care habits, each smear skin care products should be extended to the neck, coated with the same skin care products, not to mention the neck is a critical part of the age of the woman's age!
[Tibet although Ukraine] Ranwu in Tibet Basu county territory, is the source of palongcangbu River, river rocks and islands dotted, style and features of the four seasons will make people go into a trance and quietness and blue is famed far and near, like a star from the sky fall in the Pearl of the world, deep and serene blue, silent, scenery around each are not identical, grassland, forest, dissolve ice, floating raft and shoal colorful pebbles, as fresh as a mirror embraced.
Please go to the west exit Dijun was the Vatican repair code, for a period of March. Before that day, nine Phoenix Road Dijun to be reluctant to part send south gate: "you must go to three months so long?" "... Well, "no, no, no, no,"" "... Well, "three months, very long."!" "... Well, "what do I do after you go for so long?" "The next three months to help you finish the." "Not to say! I go back to sleep again!" "
[dead hero] the protagonist of the game is called "Albert lute" good boy, parents because of the epidemic killed, alone a person lived a quiet life. "Sometime in the doctor who" Elch came to the village, under his trick. Aerbeilute become dead victims of the experiment, of boarding the demon soul "and has two hearts" monster ".
Zhang Hao Zhang Dan to go to South Korea to perform figure skating, with the "secret garden" of the songs and pictures, the two is the interpretation of Jin Zhuyuan and Giroline's love. Secret garden is too strong ah! When the picture came out screaming cheers! It's beautiful.
Do not regret, the road is their choice, through, missed, are their own. There is no one job is not hard, no one is not complicated. Even if you exclude unhappy now, time flies does not slow down. So don't lose your temper, no one owes you. Want to learn to low key, the trade-offs between must have gain and loss, need not be too care about. To learn practical and pragmatic, the harder the more fortunate.
[the new Porsche Boxster s Nurburgring 7 minutes 58 seconds] the new Porsche Boxster s is equipped with a 3.4 liter horizontally opposed six cylinder engine, 315 horsepower, 100 kilometers acceleration time of about 4.8 seconds, speed up to about 277km / h. The new Porsche S Boxster Neue Boglin score in the 7 points 58 seconds, breaking the 8 mark, really impressive.
It have a different ending if I was brave at that time Would? If I am brave, the outcome is not the same?
[Seven Star legend] "Seven Star legend" is a full 3D of the gravity maze game, but more importantly, the game is completely developed by the state. Following the "hip hop", "Tower Defense three" after the final battle, another masterpiece of domestic developers. Game whether from the picture or control is a good choice.
[psychological reminder] the woman's biggest enemy, not the time, not the right, not the money, but their own paranoia, the love of the man who can not extricate themselves. In addition to your father, and your future husband, who also do not deserve you pay too much for his father to pay, because he gave you the love of the last half of life, to pay for her husband, because the next half of his love will be his.
Now with a variety of raw materials prices, the price of some fashion design of the wall containing parts also quietly rising might as well use started to remove the old louvered wall as the background, receive travel photos, postcards and other collections were randomly inserted in the cracks of the blade, and discarded items became an instant fashion items.
A: it's all life, why don't you eat chicken and eat eggs? B: because the chicken knows the pain but the eggs do not know. A: you're not an egg, how do you know that you don't hurt? B: egg is not painful! A: the egg is not painful, how can there be "egg Hurts" this word?
There is no advertising language from beginning to end, like a short animation, good-looking!
Sometimes, you for some people and the pain, in fact, because you can not see their own, tangled, contradictions, confusion, the process of torture, but also tortured related people. Experience some things, gradually clear, when you choose to give up or firmly down, you will find that the whole world to make way for you! Clear, click into place! Simple happiness, in your hands, and line and cherish.
Club Lending was over subscribed for $15 in December 11th, sources said, the United States P2P net loan company Club Lending has been the company's initial public offering price set at $15 per share,. In accordance with the issue price of $15, Club Lending will be raised through the IPO to about $870000000 in funding, right
[Kunming] Food roast bait piece, this is all Food in Kunming, the most let me dream. The bait and New Year cake is similar, but some more tender. Put the bait and dough in the oven, the bait soft baked dough baked crisp after wiping peanut sauce, chili sauce and other seasonings, coupled with the end of the pickled cabbage and bean sprouts and roll up. "Salty sweet" mixed tastes wonderful!
[the street fighter is a short video of the old would hit a car even met...... ] many of the old players may remember Capcom classic fighting games in the street fighter in the first bonus levels is smashing cars, before and automotive advertising "please" to the grand smashing cars now Ken said he angrily smashing cars, but he faced this car does not seem to be a common car......
Meng Tingwei the sun comes out "fresh and elegant little Inspirational Songs, Meng Tingwei whims of singing, the sun came out, sentimentality the sleep.
Sorry, this microblogging has been deleted. View help: http://t.cn/8sYl7Qb
[to defend radish 2] "to defend radish 2" with 4 themes, a total of 65 points, 14 turret will be on stage, players have to complete 195 special tasks, as there is a new purple crystal task. In addition, "to defend the radish 2" increased "all slow," and "all frozen," kill bombs "and other magic trick, and the new mode of" double outlet "," monster fortress "," random turret "and" ultimate BOS
[exercise] with small North nasal Lilly Ann led the father to do exercise, Meng Meng looks extremely cute. When my father said to her: "I love you", she touched him with a small hand ~ ~ ~ ~ this moment is so warm, the heart has been changed!
[psychological reminder] no one really knows what tomorrow is, whether it is cloudy or sunny? But that is not important, it is important that there is tomorrow, as long as the life is not over, there will always be a tomorrow, we can always hope that the next moment is the happiness we want.
[Pebble watch claims to push new products to push new products against apple in February 3rd, the smart watch maker Pebble CEO Eric Mikikovski (Migicovsky Eric) recently said, Pebble in December 31st last year sold 100th of the smart watch, this year the company will launch more new products, and the upcoming Apple smart watches and not
Want to be your best encounter, the hardest goodbye.
[improve the appetite of the homemade drinks the formula formula as follows: tangerine peel 6G, raw Hawthorn 10g, Wumei 6G, fried malt 10g, crystal sugar amount. If the baby has a small prescription to drink 3 to 5 days the appetite is not improved, the mother took the baby to see a doctor.
For dinner ~ ~ we are united ~ ~ good children
Life, some people come and go, some people went to return, some people in close proximity, some distant horizon, some people brush past, some way counterparts. Perhaps in the end of a two road to meet, together with a section of distance, and in the next fork to say goodbye. In any case, will inevitably end of sad. In the end of the world of friends: perhaps it is far too far to greet, but still thank you for your ever companions.
[2014 Kia Cadenza/K7] front headlights and forward air grille most are not covered, showing the new design concept of the Kia in the large car in the near future. The interior of the car has been modified, a new liquid crystal instrument group, in the control of the air conditioning system with the control button, and a simulation clock program (Clock Analog).
Elegant nature. A thin fabric, sag, cool and comfortable, people can manage, pure cotton fabric is thin, very comfortable.
In this world, you can not stop anyone from making a difference to you, and you, you have to give yourself a little bit of warmth. The most terrible is that they do not love you, but you do not love you. Looking at the mirror, looking at me like this, I have been so many sins.
People will talk., do not despise the tattle and prate. Similar to such a very destructive effect of the rumors may not be true, but will be in the company of the company's high level of sowing seeds of doubt. Don't underestimate the intelligence of people with ulterior motives, as long as he wants, even if just a little rumors, may you into a doomed eternally.
When the spectrum of young people in the event of a reliable
Life is not if, but there are a lot of. The world is not perfect, life is inevitably a pity. Learn to laugh out of court, detached to be, in life, some things, whether you like it or not and do not want to have to take place, you have to accept; in life, there are always unexpected, no matter you hide and don't hide, is coming, you can only face.
The original is difficult to use a font kitchen to enlarge, open kitchen area take the simple log wind, bright and warm and comfortable.
"Hero" of the game screen color Mingyan jump, fine quality exquisite, music also sporty Oh, very fresh sense of a game, gameplay is very simple Oh, you tilt your device, let the game heroes do not stop jumping, break through the layers of the level, smooth pass. Just try it and see for yourself! Download address:
Have you done a few of the 15 learning habits of life?
Porsche 911
Spoof dubbing: weather stars version of the pit father ghost weather ", the wind and rain and fog, so ventilation of the weather, you got it?!
[maternal care errors] 1 dishes the more light the better, the post natal body is easy to dry and sodium, postpartum should not eat less salt, but also not too much. 2 can not brush your teeth, women should pay more attention to oral health than the average person, is the cause of puerperal infection of oral infection. 3 soup meat nutritious soup, often to lactation, but also want to eat meat, meat is more abundant than the soup nutrition. 4 eat eggs, four or five eggs every day to eat.
Cool, really cool and creative -- the coolest quilt
Health psychology needs emotional education, emotional education is to guide children to understand love, learn to care for others. Children in the enjoyment of the love of their parents, learning to love their parents, young parents, caring for the family's character. In this regard, parents, teachers, make oneself an example indispensable to teach by precept and example. This kind of personality quality in the child's adult, will let the sincere love between people and people flow.
Is going to happen will happen whether, we worry or not. Whatever (Monnar Ana) - the occurrence of the association, whether you are anxious.
Love one time, as if suddenly understood the meaning of all love songs.
Shiba and white meow living under one roof, they often white meow overtures to white, meow gaze. But the white meow seems to be not a small thing for small zeidan, often wood exposed eyes look down...... There is hope who can move the white goddess day meow.
[restore the surface of the continent Meng cos Ling Bo goddess of the future of the goddess of the night to restore the scale of the explosion, there is the mainland, Meng Lord, said the famous domestic game animation Coser thousand night cos Ling Bo goddess.
The neighbor's meow star who seems to be on our doorstep the crow was very interested in false...
Mom is aware that after the baby is 1 years old, it's a great interest in food. You may feel nervous about this. In fact, after 1 years of age, the reason for the baby to eat less, because they are not as long as the baby as long as the. If the toddler is as fast as a few months after the birth of the baby, he will soon become a fat man.
If there is a contradiction between a man to understand tolerance between you and know how to express their own ideas, but also to listen to you say: you are right, he was able to admit a mistake, even if you do wrong, he is willing to forgive you, everything has a business volume. Such men are not married and so what.
[4 kinds of methods yield angry baby] 1, hold the child 2, let him boxing small hair with a vent: if children anger to smash things, gave him a pillow, let him make a enough, kindergarten teacher Lin Philip recommendations: "or give him a plastic hammer, let him hit he will use language to express his anger so far." 3, parents keep quiet 4, listening to children tell.
[Alice toes alleviate foot fatigue] for sedentary, usually do not like the movement of people and love to wear high heels for women, "tired feet and legs pain symptoms more obvious. Expert advice, should be changed from time to time to change the posture, raising the legs, toes, toes, have a certain effect. If there is a condition, it is best to raise the legs, can more effectively ease the lower limb edema.
[Beauty Bible teach you whitening teeth] the correct method of brushing teeth whitening, if you want to maintain oral hygiene, trouble you daily consumption of 10 minutes of brushing, sooner or later each 5 minutes. According to the survey, the average brushing time is 3 minutes, while children are even shorter. Six months to a year to the professional medical institutions to clean the teeth, because there are some places, such as the mouth is not to reach the depth of the toothbrush.
Russian girl and her cat.
Dwarf! PP good itching!
[XO Sauce Fried radish cake] 1. Radish cake cut into squares and pan fry until yellowish; 2. Into XO sauce and carrot cake a fry for 3 to 5 minutes can be.
[potato skin beauty skin care method] fresh potato chips affixed to the eyes, about 30 minutes, then wash with warm water, so that can effectively reduce the eye week of edema, the eye wrinkles, dilute black eye has a very good effect.
I love china. They know how to behave. -- "life big bang"
The 3 skills in the workplace, 1, where the less, where you hear the more. 2, the complaint is to change the unreasonable situation of the catalyst, seriously treat the right to complain, 3, tall building is installed on the top of the lightning rod.
Aquarius is lonely, never likes to rush things with others, hope that the people around you are willing to stay. In a crowded, water bottle is not easy to a person cored, early contact with the bottle he kind of lukewarm attitude are scared away. But really into the heart of the people, you will find that the water bottle is not the bottom line. Those who miss the water bottle, the loss of oh
[American artist Jill Sylvia's paper cutting works] her with both hands and one general ledger paper, by cutting into individual buildings, good using the itself above the printed lines, the White House, the United States Treasury building, the Jefferson Memorial Hall and so on.
Factory direct nail polish.
[aunt? Aunt to the very upset with wood! Menstrual disease not conditioning have wood has! Always not good aunt when to have wood has! Still use only recorded days application out! [aunt do] not only possesses the basic functions of the calendar, but also: tailored for the tips also discussed the district and other interactive function.
"Chaos without stopping, sophistry, which has completely prevent, big things, don't tell, trivial thing continuously like waves, on a dangerous situation, sweet or painful to undergo, which lying", and - Fred Cheng, tianruini "tongue sword court" theme song "two."
[in order to prepare for 2013 September's Frankfurt Motor Show] McLaren is of 12C spider for some minor changes, there is news said Coupe models in synchronous improvement. Is the most important to the McLaren engineer confirmed power upgrades for the 2014 model, the 3.8 liter V8 twin turbo engine, maximum power is 625 HP, ascended up to 650 horsepower.
[children retort is to protect the heart afraid of heart] children retort is necessary. And we also have the necessary to listen to, because he has appeal rights. And we also have to understand the event picture. Most of the time, he is just trying to protect the heart of their armed, scared to death of the heart.
Animation work "Brain Water", Guangzhou Acmdemy of Fine Arts, ANI7IME animation team works
This is the life People are hurrying to and fro.. So you don't have to scratch, the person you let go. -- Li Gongjun
[French car with Japanese car platform & quot; Reynolds version of the Qashqai & quot; imaginary map exposure] Renault plans to launch a Megane platform SUV as part of a plan to revive. This car is scheduled to launch in 2015, will use the Qashqai platform to build. Its location will be between the Geneva auto show "version of JUKE -- Captur and Renault Koleos cash".
Always thought he must understand you, because you love him, is it true? No communication, no communication, how to gain insight into your heart, but you forget. A person who understands me doesn't need to explain, don't understand me, don't need to explain, then cover up all of the fault, just to get the moment balance.
Children become stupid for three major reasons] 1 rarely get "win" feeling: let the children engaged in things too difficult and will continue to fail, will feel more and more bad; 2 premature knowledge: reading, writing, arithmetic, the so-called intellectual development for children to bring a lot of pressure, reduce the interest of self-confidence; large amount of negative implications: that child "stupid" mantra, compared with children and others, in the presence of outsiders too modest "my son will not do."
[transcendental hacker] the film began to spread a lot, but in the middle of that cannot control the scale and so began the sloppy ending. Joseph and Max's opposition, Evelyn's suspicion. But love is still in, so the end of the last Will upload virus. It feels like science fiction movies can be more powerful.
[little dragon Sparrow patrol] a third person shooting game. Picture hot fun. You control the troll driving a hot air balloon through the enemy's heavy containment, with guns will them down can cross the border, the operation of the game simple, batter, like shooting game players don't miss.
"Ordinary" mother this song is "public movie theme song" mother go ballistic! "Mother" is the story of go ballistic on 2009 Chinese moved "go ballistic mother" zhenrenzhenshi adapted from. Film by means of documentary, the runaway mother were depth interpretation, to reproduce the mundane "mothers" touching love. -- Huang Ying's "ordinary mother"
Funny version.
[new generation Ford Galaxy spy photos exposure] New Fourth Generation Ford Galaxy (Galaxy) London street road test spy photos exposure, new research and development work is nearing completion, will be listed in the summer sales, the price will be slightly higher than the cash, the competitors Volkswagen Sharan and West Astra Ou Yue stroke. The new Ford the Milky Way still located in the large MPV market share, CD4 platform and Ford Mondeo, three row seven seat layout.
Life is a memory, a memory, a memory, and a feeling of experience. These are teachers in life, and these teachers will be at a time when we suddenly let us to the value of their lives, and in our hearts will be forced to self answer, because this is a responsibility for their lives.
Beautiful girl sexy charm of Southeast car!
Father: the exam, how the situation? Son: collapse, the index plummeted. Father: at the closing price. Child: Mathematics 56, Chinese 43, physics 52, politics 49, chemistry 58. Father: what? You lose all ink. Before the trend is still good, this time how turn empty sub: from fundamental analysis, usually in class because of the stock market, but has not been able to take lectures; from the technical analysis, the invigilator too strict, various rescue measures
You're in the? I also burst. I don't believe PK but you. Indoorsman sexy goddess Zhang Wanyou PK Transformers women.
One day, I went to a primary school to play basketball, heard a low grade girl asked a junior boy: "you love me???" The boy said: "my mother gave me 3 yuan a day, and five of them two let you take the snacks, you say I love you!!!"
We are all single dogs tonight! The Spring Festival is coming, mutually close of season will come, even Haidu resorted to the hot strip induced Xu Xian's ultimate, a single dog bitter force who can understand!
I never asked, you do not need to explain, I always think you are right. Every night before going to bed at night when the door is not locked. Before you did not go home, in fact, I did not go to sleep, until you come back, I heard you in the bedroom into the bedroom, I'm sure you have a sleep I secretly locked up the door. Since you leave here, I still will be the key hanging on the door, but when you come back were locked out. -- "Heaven cinema"
If you are tired, no car, I can carry you home, if you feel bad, I can accompany you on the roof to see the stars, there is no money to pile up in love, not necessarily romantic ah, so because I feel pure together, can not you? Then I will work hard for you, for you are my dream. -- "my queen"
Hello Venus "Sticky Sticky MV" by the public! The song changed the past pure sweet, turned sexy show mature female beauty. Composer brave brothers, members of the sweet voice and graceful dance to attract eyeball. Venus Hello how to start with the new members to join, how to change, go to MV in the sense of it.
RTA RTA is a new generation of youth idol group in china. The RTA group has 10 members, 4 (Zuo Yi, Liu Junlin, Terry Chui, Zhu Yuanbing), 6 young people (Li He, Mae Shimawoo,, Maeda Hirori,, He Yifei, Qiu Riyong, Zhang Xiaofeng). Youth, full of bright sunshine ~ warm small fresh! RTA young group's latest single "the student"
When children are always talking about &quot; not &quot; not to force children to implement your instructions, try the following: 1 to turn the task into an interesting game. 2 to the task of planning through stories and other ways to give children, let the task become a kind of look. 3. To mobilize the child's curiosity. 4 very serious to make clear, let him know the seriousness of the matter.
Love can change people? ] believe that love can make a person change, is the young, but also the sad. The prodigal son is always prodigal. That men change, perhaps the love of God or the Buddha of compassion, but certainly not a woman. Not married is the most prodigal son, is married to the most appropriate. Women are often not change a prodigal son, but the woman just appeared when the prodigal son wants to change.
[company is the best education] parents will not be afraid of education, do not understand education is not related. For children, they need not to enjoy the luxury of material enjoyment, but lonely when someone to accompany, when people are confused when the guide, the success of a person to encourage, when people understand the failure. And to give them the most people, it is every parent. So, please busy parents take a little time to accompany their children to grow up together.
I'm a fucking procrastination!
I'm not seriously young, to understand the situation, can only choose to die hard. -- Sanmao
[to the Moon Fly!] is a casual game, driving your little rockets to complete the dream of flying to the moon, the use of gold coins to upgrade their own, so that they can fly farther, avoid the way of hot air balloon, airship, UFO, etc.... How far can you go to the moon?
Career choice is also an accurate grasp of opportunity. Miss the opportunity, often just miss the person or opportunity and success. Indecision, worry about personal gains and losses, the mountain looked at the high mountain, often resulting in a many graduates employment misunderstanding of a psychological disorder.
[this year 22] I saw a 2 year old rhythm.
Perhaps even earlier, I have been to Tibet, that for me has been yearning place. Perhaps in the first place, I have been to Tibet, that has been able to settle the mind.
On the road to success, only the speed of the points, there is no winner. The 1992 Olympic Games in Barcelona, Redmond.
[7 of the most vulnerable spots of the bad habits] 1, not focus on sunscreen. UV irradiation activates the melanin mother cell; 2, the preference of beauty. Chemical composition has the function of absorbing light; 3, excessive whitening. Too often, the skin becomes dry and dry; 4. A lot of things in life will hurt the skin; 5, long-term face of the computer; 6, love to eat food coloring. Deposition of toxins to stimulate cell growth; 7,
Heavily armed Jeep Wrangler Rubicon tenth anniversary edition] [no matter how hard it is, in fact, in the United States has many, many of the car will be able to "crossing the Rubicon trail", set foot on a muddy wasteland, overcome rock and the altitude of the challenge. But there is no a production car, like Jeep Wrangler, guide you so easy walk in off-road park.
[babies always refused to go home do] every time I go to the playground to play, children are crying Lai with refused to go home, get the exhaustion of the adults. Experts decrypt: let the child leave play strong, undoubtedly need great willpower, please understand the child. "10 minutes to go home" to the child a psychological preparation, will get better cooperation. Usually parents want to emphasize and do the words count, but also to exaggerate the child how to comply with the agreement.
Editor comments: such children room wallpaper design is very interesting, children riding on the horse the imagination of a garden swing time, these things in the interior can be completed.
"That day" is a focus on PK, competitive multiplayer online real-time combat game next gen Webpage. Game combines the 2012 Games of the page with the latest technology and complete liberalization of PK model, and amazing feeling of operation and real gorgeous game against a sense, with unique dungeon adventure, team multiplayer PVP modes, bring you a taste of a full of Oriental arena of moral and Western magic color combination of legendary otherworldly!
A body black dress will inevitably somewhat dull, but with the steal the spotlight of the color stripe skirt the overall shape is instantly brightens.
Provence is located in the south of France, from the date of its birth, Provence has been cautious to keep her secret, until the arrival of the British Mel, it is gradually opened its veil. Mel's pen "Provence" is no longer a simple geographical name, but also represents a simple and carefree easy lazy way of life, a Chongrubujing, see pretrial blossom, hope heaven Yunjuanyunshu leisurely mood.
I look forward to writing a great word, this is the spirit of my pursuit of the world; I also hope that I can be a happy strong man, this is my ideal self world; if you can help others, a little contribution to this world, my little world is connected with the world around the world.
[theatre version of the magic girl small circle of "the box office breakthrough 4.5 billion] on October 6 release of theatrical animation [magic girl small circle of" still continued to refresh their box office numbers. Now according to the website boxofficemojo Japanese movie box office income statistics, [magic girl small circle of "of the total box office this week finally broke through the 4.5 billion yen mark.
[big mouth] in April class C infectious diseases, commonly known as "big mouth" of the epidemic of mumps in the first place. In late spring and early summer is high season of "big mouth" so prevention is the key 1. Try not to bring the child to the crowded place 2 home environment should be keep fresh air. The contact with children in children with mumps, should be closely observed, and kept for medical treatment to the improvement of the kindergarten and school in the morning check, isolation system. The best prevention method Mo
[Playstation network suspected hacking service interruption hours] December 9 hearing, Sony for the game machine network Playstation network service appear accidentally interrupted, many users reflect in the past few hours to log into the service. Squad Lizard, a notorious hacker group, has announced that it is responsible for the disruption of the network service.
The stones of the Irtysh River Irtysh River is China only a river flowing into the Arctic Ocean outflow of rising in the northern Xinjiang Altai Territory, passing through Kazakhstan and Russia, and finally into the Arctic Ocean. It is like a root silver line, the one scattered and beautiful scenery, like a string of pearls as chic taste even together, grinding out a stone modeling various Xingshenjianbei, gives the people rich imagination.
The white washed denim shirt is all-match single.
A picture of ultra fine adventure puzzle game was to [city of Secrets] the secret city miasto SeKret mez W "and its layered background and 3D character is a major bright spot. In the course of the game need your brains to solve the problem.
[American security experts say shut down the communication system in order to counterintuitive] the experts pointed out that now to the analysis of all the objective conditions are not enough to explain the problem, can only be interpreted manually turn off the ACARS system.
Unused electric love pot humidifier (love pot) of South Korea Nanum design of looks like is a tree shaped pot, "love" is a special "paper" products made, planted in a pot, pot of water will be rapidly absorbed and the special honeycomb structure support quickly and efficiently evaporation to air.
Indoor table design is distinctive, rounding the leg of the table in the traditional design, instead of using the hanging wire desktop mode. Appears to be very novel and lightweight.
USA granny afraid of loneliness will hide boyfriend for 18 months in the home.
As a teenager, they do not know what is good and evil incompatibility, she always likes to carefree to find four leaf clover, he always accompany, then his master said that she is a succubus, they will cut off dealings, 10 years after the day, sit Mojiao the founder of her invasion of the Central Plains, because I heard he was a married man, and again when she saw him, he was holding a four leaf clover, said: "if do not lie to you, I get married, you are not to wait?"
[these signs love most loyal, no zeixin, didn't zeidan] (Scorpio) champion, runner up (Capricorn), third (cancer) and fourth (Taurus) and the five (Sagittarius) [super will spoil his girlfriend's male star] (Virgo) champion, runner up (Aries), third (Pisces), fourth (Aquarius), fifth (Taurus)
[Shushan] is located in Hefei City, Anhui Province, about 10 kilometers away from Hefei city center, an area of 8500 acres, 284 meters above sea level, is the only one of the mountains in the suburbs of Hefei. The Shushan Department of the Dabie Mountains, Southeast of the high mountains, northwest low, oval, by volcano eruptions. The ancient volcano volcano, the volcano cone waterfall, volcano rocks, neck has preserved remains of a volcano.
Once there were two people, a wise one, and the two argued that Kong Ming and Zhu Geliang were the same person. The point is for two people, two people were fighting, looking for third people to reason. The man said, the rational. Afterwards, the blame him, the answer was: let him useless for a lifetime.
Pit father's examination questions ~
Why we love apple 1, apple can neutralize human acidic material; 2, eat apple can prevent osteoporosis; 3, eat an apple every day (preferably even skin to eat) can prevent stroke; 4, apple contains a variety of effective prevention of heart disease elements; 5, Apple's nutrition and other plant chemical composition help fight cancer.
[is worth around Shijiazhuang village falls] those antique, ancient village full of classical charm, they have gone through hundreds of years or even tens of thousands of years of vicissitudes of life across the several dynasties until now, the passage of time, in a very long period of time they gradually be forgotten. From this disappeared is unknown, is those who like photography people used the camera to record their distinctive.
[abandoned six cylinder engine Audi new generation A4 new information exposure] a new generation of A4 based on after upgrading MLB-Evo platform, its body length and wheelbase will be lengthened. Power, the new Audi A4 will be equipped with a variety of gasoline engine, including the 1.4TFSI engine (power range of 122 HP -180 HP) and 2.0TFSI engine (225 horsepower -286 horsepower). New
Philippines demonstrators called for the promotion of investment in China and the Philippines economic cooperation
[Meng duck to remove] is a sprout lovely duckling as the protagonist of the lovely elimination games, game players can experience the game simple Sanxiao style, as long as the Pronto, will be able to drive the three connected the duck kept happily rolling. The duck kept rolling and jumping, you can easily get rich experience and gold reward.
Luoshan Forest Park is located in Lingshui County, Hainan Island province. Hanging Luoshan wild Forest Park falls in the depths of the forest, the locals sister falls. Look for "little sister", let people painstakingly.
The large size of the retro styling, the new Havana cigar color, nude, olive green, blue black, red wine and classic black color match, added a trace of sober contemporary.
Bud design lovely collar, simple clothes have become lively and lovely. The end of the pendulum has a waist cut, warm effect is better, oh, even the cap to keep warm. With the super Ram Lei Feng hat this season, Maomao bag, beautiful.
2012 twelfth world singles chart Top 40!
People are not afraid of humble, for fear of losing hope, the meaning of life, one is along the way to enjoy the scenery, second is to reach the far end; the secret of life is to find a most suitable for their own speed, not for fast and unbearable burden, Moin slow to depletion of the your life. Who does not meet the universe of 1,000,000,000 universes, numerous living beings, regret things, the key is how to deal with. Have done a bad thing, only regret, in order to accept the lesson.
[1] from different parties, anger: tinnitus, dry eyes, mouth breath. Food: Fritillaria Quhuo rock sugar pear juice, wolfberry Chrysanthemum Tea. 2: the stomach, stomach burning pain, dry mouth and bad breath, loose stool, appetite is not good. Food: fresh Quhuo radish juice, watermelon, Lvdou Zhou. 3, lung fire: cough chest pain, dry throat pain, dry cough without phlegm. Food: Chinese wolfberry Quhuo liver, Luohanguo lung soup.
Due to work pressure, a lot of people do not want to communicate with others, to avoid in the corner of their own, and gradually develop mild depression. Once he also had a period of depression, was afraid to talk to others, and later he felt unable to do so, must get rid of this state, began to try to communicate with others. Think now, the pressure will have a good mood every day.
[] Greek Meteora is located in the towering rock hill above. About 1000 years ago, there appeared the reclusive monk. They rely on the wooden ladder and climbed the ropes of the Touch the Sky peak, living in the natural caves, prayer, praise and repentance. This is a land of idyllic beauty!
People all over the world all know that as long as the Murong sea of clouds and Chuyu Qian re encounter, recognising each other, any person, any force are unable to keep them apart. -- "together to see the meteor shower"
[shave taboo inventory] don't just got out of bed to shave, 20 minutes after the start is better; (2) before and after exercise try not to shave; shaving sequence is: from left to right and from top to bottom, the first CIS pores, then reverse the Mao Kongti scraping. Shaving is finished, use hot towel to clean or wash with warm water, should check that there is no beard stubble. The shaving, the skin should be taut, in order to reduce the running on razor on the skin resistance.
Menstrual sister paper ten big illusion!
Flowers sometimes, flowers fall sometimes. Without nostalgia, the walk will go; no need to ask, the time will come......
[the full responsibility of the insurance claims mechanism to improve the insurance law, the insurance company will follow the principle of protecting the interests of the public and to prevent unfair competition, insurance companies, insurance companies strictly enforced by the CIRC approval and insurance premium rates; for not fulfilling the obligations of the insurance, serious damage to the legitimate rights and interests of the insured behavior, China Insurance Regulatory Commission will be severely punished according to law.
What happens with the 10000 iPhone5? Domino, the most luxurious in history!! See the crackling... Labor kidney pain last display domineering mighty..!
Pisces love taboo: over reliance. You rely on many, the other side will be very happy, but a long time, and perhaps the other will feel tired. Besides, too much dependence on a person, once lost, the most painful, the most unprepared is their own, learn to be independent, in the feelings will not hurt so heavy.
In addition to the network and field trips to understand the situation, the job seekers should be more proactive in their own personal context for further understanding. Such as consulting their relatives and friends, teachers and alumni, not only have the opportunity to get to the more critical information, but also can get different angles of experience and lessons.
[love the playfully sign] Top1: Leo pride and self-confidence super, let them look so aloof from worldly affairs, not near; top2: Virgo: isn't that kind of will often put love on the tip of my tongue, but he will use other words to replace the word love; top3: Capricorn is cool, even a chill in the air of
Mama's eggs, never been so tangled.
[Suzuki Alivio hatchback version of the spy will 2015 published at present, overseas media rendering the effect of a group of Suzuki Alivio hatchback version of the model. At the same time, through the comparison we found that previous exposure to foreign media, a new test vehicle and the ALIVIO Suzuki hatchback hatchback version is very similar. It is reported that the new car is expected to officially listed in early 2016.
Tears, tears are false, and humble is the most true. Blink of an eye several and autumn, ubiquitous graffiti, humble me, silent corner, still no any changes, color contrast is still so clear, your back still so cold.
Jixun: Gu Hualan, female, born in 1975, 1980 missing next to Sichuan Deyang, Zhongjiang County repeater in the town of Hing Fat Street old postal savings. There are 1 features: the left corner of the grain size of the scar, a pea sized purple birthmark ass. Details: forwarding you lift a finger, will accelerate the pace of baby home. (source: Baby Home Forum)
#WO []# torch
