When I see you, I have a lot of words to say to you, when you are around, I feel that you have to rely on you, even if you don't talk, it's good.
Every morning, first with about 40 degrees of warm wet face, and then use soluble in water, cleaning products, such as: facial cleanser, soap and other thoroughly to remove grease and dirt on the skin surface, when necessary, can use the face brush, then use cold water wash again to make the face vasoconstriction, reduce sebum secretion.
For a small corner of the kitchen, there are always some idle, a cabinet with a custom fit to make full use of, the storage capacity is very strong cabinet greatly reduces the demand for space.
Five of the most vulnerable to the feeling of frustration, the first (Sagittarius) second (Libra) third (Capricorn) fourth (Scorpio) fifth (Aquarius)
Fell in love when we love vigorous, rough, too busy to write a love letter to you; after the break we installed the Xiaoxiao Sasa xingtongmolu, unable to write a love letter to you, owe you this life a love letter. In three, you are the recipient I never mentioned.
Thailand Advertising - sports are good for body and mind (Chinese subtitles)
Some people like to complain, some extreme, when we contact with these people, it is easy to be affected by the negative and extreme emotions, so as to affect their views on the company, and the final loss is who? Shielding negative effects, minimize contact with these people.
"The last 02", the future occupation is...... Devil!? Nature of good yarn Jason fighting is predicted nine "will become the devil". Thanks to the gift of prophecy, he is waiting for the campus life to be dogged by bad luck. He will face as a monitor resentment, female students have uncanny ability to be a natural attribute of girl on adhesion.
Time without words, years without language, love without results, only the beginning; love no answer, only pay. Stumbled is life, walk to stop is life, indifferent we barren, fall in love with the sky; our heart with words, hand with language and love on the clouds, convergence impetuous, lonely through the night.
One day, my friend took the bus. She saw an old woman standing beside her, she pulled the old lady's sleeve, whispered a sentence: "you sit." A deaf old lady sat down, saying: "well, what a beautiful girl, but is a mute."
Imagine two old sit chatting in the big chair, then life is one of the most peaceful, Taiwan Beauty plus came to power in the pot, memories of the moment is the most warm.
Thirty kinds of fierce female
I always hold this idea: even I was touched by their own, she has what reason not to be moved by me? But the pursuit of perseverance can only prove that you are a persistent person, only this.
Avril Lavigne "Goodbye Lullaby" album making, Avril's song, listen carefully, have found that heart!
How to eat whole grain oats is a simple process of processing, nutritional composition, but because of the seed coat all the time, so, with the whole grain oats directly cooked food, not only for a long time, but also not very good taste. But if the whole grain oat and millet, beans, walnuts, etc. food made with rice cereal grains, so that you can do the best of both worlds.
I love sunshine I love candy, colorful and bright and full of vitality of color is a necessary condition for the summer dress, hit the color of a single distribution will think of all that you can't hit color way clever collocation, to break the monotony of solid color aura, let whole match refreshing.
If you take my love as a game, I cannot play, more can not afford to lose, rhetoric, who knows the pain behind my smile, love begins with a smile, grows with a kiss, ends ultimately with a drop of tears, hurt, scarred, eventually leave traces, force yourself to forget you, but love just know, originally I and not all around, maybe silence is the best comfort, maybe the memory is the best ending.
In order to make the person a truly educated person, we must have three qualities: the habit of profound knowledge and the noble sentiment. Not much knowledge is ignorance, not accustomed to thinking that is rude or stupid, no noble sentiment, is humble.
Looks like 90 sexy models began to rise!
[slash ambiguous animation "Makai Prince" master of the lineup & amp; main seiyuu intelligence public] original by Gao Dianyuan responsible for, wide snow Utako responsible for drawing comics "Makai Prince devils and realist", as early as the end of last year announced the animation. At present, the official opening, the first bomb business lineup of &amp; the main intelligence public voice!
[MV] people Qianshan Twilight snow butterfly Mu Yongfei love monologue
Didn't add another day in your life because you needed it he, added it because someone out there needs you. God God let you not because you need, but because someone needs you
[] in the white cliffs of Dover channel Beachy Head, is a 5 km long white cliffs. Is the symbol of England, overlooking from the European mainland in England, the most conspicuous is the beautiful white cliffs. White cliffs is actually to the annual rate of 0.015 mm of deposition by tiny marine microorganisms, starting from the Cretaceous, has had a history of more than 1 million years.
[2014] "Soccer Puppet 2014" is a football game with a leisure and entertainment. Game players see the football game on the grand scene and the stadium, there is no complete 11 football players, and some just a horizontal version of the left and right goal, the operation is only a puppet of the small players, but here will be a lot of fun, a lot of fun.
Girl friend: do you think I'm pretty? Boyfriend: your hair is the most beautiful. Girlfriend: why? Boyfriend: because it covers most of your face.
[Zhangye Danxia - than Zhaoxia more brilliant] palaces of Danxia Landform in the first; color hilly colorful, crown the vast. In Zhangye, Linze, Sunan territory, here is the only domestic Danxia landform and color hilly landscape complex, to cross bedding, steep walls, vertical joints, colorful show odd, set of Guangdong Danxia cliffs, peaks and pillars of the odd, dangerous, the United States, both in the city's colorful colorful in a
[ten big beautiful holy land travel Hangzhou enjoy "paradise" reputation of the Hangzhou, south of Yangtze River in West Lake, misty rain, Longjing tea will be gentle to show in front of you.
[clear fried bamboo shoots] bamboo shoots peeled, remove part of the old, cut into thin slices or silk, spare; heat the wok, put vegetable oil, burn to 9 into the heat, put onion (mince) into the pot stir incense; bamboo shoots, ginger mince, salt into the pot, stir fry until cooked bamboo shoots, add MSG, and then stir fry a few, dish.
Belong to the 12 constellation male love day dream - Taurus girlfriend always read my heart. Jin Niunan is the most enduring of the 12 constellations. Of course, you can't bully him. For man's patience is limited. They like you to know them, forgive them everything. In fact, this is also a dream, to understand a person easy, tolerant of a person is very difficult!
China Development Forum 2014 will be held in Beijing, China Development Forum 2014, March will be held in Beijing Diaoyutai State Guest House in, this forum to deepen the reform of China as the theme.
[teach you a cup of tea and in need of rose tea] roses containing rich vitamins and tannic acid, can improve the endocrine, promote blood circulation, beauty, anti frostbite antidepressant, promoting blood circulation to remove blood stasis, curing liver and gastrointestinal heart and liver and blood, promote metabolism, relieve menstrual mood is not good, dysmenorrhea etc. disease. Take 5 to 7 flower buds, with 80 or slightly higher temperature of the water, the water temperature is 10 minutes, the water temperature is cool to 60 degrees Celsius can be added to honey
Look at my bib, popular oh
It was raining outside the sky is very dark, at the window. Your name.
[perfect] if you cut vegetables Kung Fu has been slow progress, it can try this chopping board, with the accuracy of the calibrated, let you cut out Bohou uniform slices of vegetables, shredded vegetables.
[Korean "king of the hotel" scoring] Li Dongxu and Lee Da Hae following the "my girl", after a lapse of eight years to work together again. Lee Dong wook in the drama played to abandon mother and their father harbor resentment cold-blooded hotel manager vehicle yuan, Lee played Hotel heir, cheerful, strong Amonai and sink into the crisis, desperate to save the hotel to hotel father.
I hope you reach out, accept my best wishes. In your future days, let the flower of happiness be bright and fragrant. In the day of father's day, send a blessing to you, wish you happiness!
[Baby Kindergarten summer vacation which side?] a blink of an eye to the summer season, for the parents of kindergarten, during the summer vacation, took the baby to which side became a more troubling problem. Eppie Xiaobian remind: for the children in the kindergarten, the summer holidays can have many options to choose from, for example, a child can go to Grandpa's grandmother's house to spend or remain in custody class and so on.
Criminal's in "a Chinese ghost story" static film starred Banshee snow, with hot sexy stature and in place of acting by netizens Repeng. For star 2 teaching video voice, it is said to appear in the CJ site a game booth.
[with chili and fermented soya beans small whitebait] 1. A small whitebait wash, drain water; 2. Green peppers cut Duan, onions shred, respectively, shred ginger, onion mince; 3. In the pot put the oil heat, dry fermented black beans, ginger, diced green onion saute; 4. Onion silk, silk green peppers stir soft, then pour small whitebait, stir fry evenly, tune a little salt, along the edge of the pot slightly to add a little water; 5. Stir fry until the small whitebait, fragrant, off the fire pot.
Big pressure of "not easy"!
The dog "bootlick" head kicked halo
One day no, longer in love two, have been very close Then, very far became, farther than before. even then one day, no longer fall in love, two people were very close, becoming far, even farther than before.
The consequences of falling asleep on the bus
The whole space with the European style, collocation on the white wall and table cloth, so that the whole space looks like a clean atmosphere. The color of the screen and the color of the table next to the color to echo, and the top of the wave shape to increase the sense of space.
Life's way, to write, even if no one applauded, but also to hold their own life. Every failure is the success of foreshadowing; every test, there is a harvest; every tear, a disillusioned; every hardship, has a life of wealth. Every time the pain, is the backbone of growth.
Looking backwards to understand life, but to live well, you must look forward. Too care about other people's eyes and evaluation, can only let yourself do things on the hands and feet, hesitant, lose themselves, lose their personality, lose their value. Adhere to their own choice, believe that they are adhering to the right path of your own. What other people think of you is not important, it is important that you do yourself, do what you think is right.
Tennis G camp: ATP Dubai open review
A total of about 130 people in the European District of Nintendo closed down about people, foreign media recently reported that Nintendo will shut down its European headquarters in Germany's local headquarters, and cancel the office in Frankfurt, the initiative will lead to 130 people lost their jobs. According to the announcement, the company is negotiating a series of initiatives to improve the business in Europe.
Kitano Kii, is a Japanese female model, idol and actor. In January 2007, a piece of ballet, "cherry blossoms" in the way of the mobile phone ring tones, to try to develop the singer. The north is sweet (Kie Kit'ano) in 2013 with new single "lumira Vespa, Tokyo and the Internet have her field"! ~
The Kang is very feeling, sitting next to the heating will not think of a fairy tale?
The second half of the year to help [1] will sign, first name: gemini. A wide range of social, will have the help of trouble. Second, 2: cancer. In 2012, you'll meet a lot of people. Third, 3: pisces. Especially easy to encounter the constellation of lucky things. Fourth, 4: aquarius. Give yourself money may encounter lucky elegant. 5, fifth: libra. To meet you.
[time] laugh! What do you say, man? Aliens come, don't fool me......
The rainbow "live - the single" patient report
One thing that turns the world from a lonely place to a beautiful place is love love, in any of its forms.Love gives us hope The, for t hope
Ke Zhendong manager Chai Zhiping Ke Zhendong and colleagues released a set of photos like playing basketball, mood show sunshine smile.
Of the time can, not pass with oneself Most, our own. is many times, with their own, is our own.
Life is too many, will lose position. On the way of life, we are all busy to meet all kinds of people, thinking that this is in the rich life. Can be the most valuable meet, is in a certain moment, the moment, the moment you will understand: go all over the world, but also to find a way to go back inside the road.
Two obstacles in life: love and money. Life is about two things: money, thinking. Two basic points in life: confused point, chic point. To do two things in life: thanksgiving; affinity. Three things in life: learn to close the door, learn to give up, learn to give up. Life three Q: as soon as possible? How much later? How far is forever? Life three: find the strengths, understand the difficulties, do not forget the benefits.
Ella (Ella Chen) song "MV 120S" cheekiness premiere Edition
Guards! The first history of desirable dog license! Have a driver's license??? Traffic police will catch.. Hee hee! Awesome
Summer wearing a cool, cool, falling feeling strong, not easy to fold, is an indispensable summer single product!
From the moment you appear in front of me, and perhaps everything seems to be different, in the morning, the sun or the tears, the song is also good, because you and shine.
Dog at home is boring, what time the master came back from work ah....
["the Elder Scrolls 5" NPC "beauty" MOD released by Yan burst table values! Through MOD, "Elder Scrolls V: Skyrim The" can be a time and time again amazing our eyes, a few days ago, a MOD author has brought us a NPC for the MOD, the use of NPC after all become a beauty of the face of the United States
[the drug often makes 7 Mistakes] the expert summed up the 7 mistakes that the drug is most often made. Take 1 tablets apart. Take a shower after 2 patches improper. 3 exercise before taking ibuprofen. 4 exercise before the drug there are a lot of. 5 ointment is too thick. 6 a cold eat pain killers. 7 broken skin with ointment.
After the man said: "you so I would say this"! Please look at your own enough!
[Wang Yang, deputy prime minister to visit East: emphasizing national electricity policy] Wang Yang, vice premier of the State Council on the 27th in Jingdong research, and presided over held business forum. Requires a focus on the work of six. Which refers to: strengthen policy support, to encourage qualified business enterprises to explore intelligent logistics, pharmaceutical circulation, agricultural products circulation, cross-border e-commerce, Internet banking and other new business; improve the information network, logistics and distribution, electronic payment and other basic
Time, such as water, only occasional micro ripples. If not, the stretch the umbrella of tourists in the ginkgo tree, aroused my sleeping memory. I have almost forgotten the existence of this tree alone.
Love said aloud, because you never know, tomorrow and accident, which will come first.
[a graphic tutorial] tighten the stovepipe Yoga leg muscles, and lose excess fat, sculpture beautiful curve. Hope to help you!
Over time, the market promotion and sales organizations will be more and more channels and ways of selling products is also more and more, more and more new, which requires a lot of passion for sales, and has strong communication skills.
Live bear bile is very comfortable?! ], President of the association of traditional Chinese medicine, the important management bureau deputy director of the real bookstall in light of the recent boycott "live bear bile Guizhen church listed described, said:" bile process like a water pipe as simple, natural and painless, finished, bear pain happy quickly go out to play. I don't feel any different! Even very comfortable.
Always put yourself as a accounting] due to accounting master spirit is strong, a lot of the time as an accountant, to think of themselves as the owner of the company. This is not a problem, but the head of the doomed, practical work, see the accounting manager in the company's management meeting, advice, how to improve the company's sales performance. This is also the.
Strong sports funny moments inferred!
[Liu Yihan "shooting wolf staunch rash but Frank" manly "], due to the special nature of the story takes place, the cast and crew really ate a lot of pain. The play, played by young actor northwest official second generation overseers sister Wu Hanyang because doughty obtrusive but outspoken "manly" character come to the fore in the play to become outstanding representative of the northwest strong woman.
Twelve constellations through to the temple, will play what role? [HA HA]
A person can, or dare to forgive others, only the ability is strong, he is only a virtue. No matter which Is it right? A step for self balancing the spirit of ah Q. In any case, learn how to tolerance is also a symbol of maturity.
They grew up around a courtyard Chikuma chikuma. Later, his parents sent him to the family, canada. He made his girlfriend in foreign countries, and told him that he said: "my God, I have her. He responded: how are you going to chilling than my happy singles. But he still waited, until he returned to tell him: I want to get married and I go to see it. He can be uncomfortable acquiescence, pushing the luxury door, he nudged him angry: call my parents.
Do you remember that time on the Internet? The parking is available in the apartment apartments, is the world's limited only the sale of 56 units huby Han Meideng (Hamilton Scotts) apartment, this set is located in the center of Singapore high storey apartment, each unit is equipped with two parking spaces, the owners can lift through the luxury car into the apartment, tyrant of the world is really hard to imagine.
A lot of people like to take a bath when the brain is dry, and it might be better to have a rest. In the house to dig a swimming pool, not the inspiration of the time to throw the computer directly jump, this is also exciting point. But the house was big enough, at least have to villa, the owner is not a rheumatism, in addition to enjoy it.
Nutrients [most suitable for autumn eats a diet of fruits and vegetables] in broccoli, not only the high content and very comprehensive, including proteins, carbohydrates, fats, minerals, vitamin C and carotene. Broccoli with high water content is more than 90%, with low calorie. Broccoli can promote liver detoxification and detumescence, detoxification, can play a role in weight loss.
[pre-sale 121800 X5 Landwind 8at version will be early next year listing] the biggest bright spot is that the use of the independent R & D and a 8 speed automatic transmission. Power will be equipped with 1.8T (135kW) and 2.0T (140kW) two engine.
Sister, brother is ready!!
[12 constellations quarrel after opening white - Gemini] eloquence grade]]]]] they are less likely to say sorry, because in their opinion, it is the abuse of the prologue, they are a method with a glib tongue make you gas gas on the music. Of course they accompany the smiling faces of the Kung Fu is also a top and not say their idiom, duplicity, but they are used to their own emotions two expressions to express.
[delicious tender] raw materials: egg, egg soup chives. Seasoning: salt, chicken essence, oyster sauce. Practice: 1, the egg in a bowl with chopsticks to break up, add salt, mix chicken. 2, in practice (a) to add water, mix well after screening (this is the first step). 3, into the steamer, in the egg bowl buckle a plate (the second step).
[for love "sound" virtual Diva summer Yuyao birth's official website to provide information for download] flying capsule Digital Technology Co., Ltd. (E-CAPSULE Co. Ltd.) in August, officially published the first Taiwanese self-made developed the virtual Diva "summer Yuyao", and in 10 open official website.
[spicy tiger stuffed peppers] pork chop stuffing, add starch, 1 tsp light soya sauce, 1 / 2 tsp salt and chopped tofu squash, water chestnuts, chopped ginger all mixed; chopsticks along the direction of a stirring energetically; green peppers washed seeded remove stalks, on one side of the cut a mouth; stuffed inside, wok hot green pepper put pan fry the skin wrinkle picked up; net pot, add 1 tsp soy sauce, 1 / 4 teaspoon salt, sugar, liquor; fried green pepper, cover, small fire stew
[cold assorted] bamboo shoots, kelp shred and fans together into the boiling water off the fish out after birth, Dailiang; dried tofu, carrots, lettuce and celery shredded, feeding and placed in a dish, according to personal taste by adding seasoning poured on it. The food mix can be.
[color is most suitable for the growth of children (2)] hemp, green may stimulate the nerve, training logical thinking ability, promote children learning desire a new transaction, soothe the soul, strengthen confidence, also can calm the pulse and respiration. Is the best choice for preschool children and pupils active; and soft gray is conducive to the cultivation of children's creativity. What colour is your child's room?
Two mutually cherished person, don't want to overly to hold each other, but occasionally think of each other feel good, even all dare not to think too much about the future, you are afraid to think more, it will disturb the emotion of this carefully and secretly snorkeling. It is more ambiguous than ambiguous, it is more than a shy.
Girl's mind you don't guess, don't guess don't guess......
The toy doll test your heart. Please remember that your favorite is the type of doll? [A] [B] doll; plastic doll; [C] [D] dolls; wooden doll.
Scorpio's patience is limited, and the Ta will not let this bottom out. Every seemingly have in fact in be in smooth water, your heart has. So a time you may feel Scorpio is suddenly turn over a face, oh, I'm sorry, in fact, Ta has given you many times, you inadvertently, Scorpio to the bottom line, never look back, there is no any room for restore.
The small milk cat, meow!
Brown - walls are split by the room and corridor space, land use of color and a wooden floor match does not show abrupt, portrait of a girl at the corner of the wall become corridor in secret elegant embellishment.
[teach children "pig" Yangxin method 1] rashness - don't get angry easily. 2 quit low - don't think that there is no time to others. 3 Ring - Ao don't always need to know the mountain sing one's own praises, outside the mountain. 4 - don't be jealous of others or jealous, always want others to stumble. 5. Don't worry about life. Don't live in fear. 6 caution - do not be always on tenterhooks. 7 to give up the sad, don't let the unfortunate thing often emerge. 8 warning - don't always think that
If we still have a reason, go a circle or return to the other side.
Friends, do you have a gun?
Four track years Four
A person can go to a few want to go to a few places, can read a few unforgettable scenery, can read a few this change your life, and how many times can experience unforgettable travel. The world so many things that are not satisfactory and how, you want only to do what you should do.
"Don't you want to get married? You said you would marry me." She squatted on the ground. His eyes filled with sad and sad, slowly squat down, this time I really do not have a way, my wife I can not take care of you." She smiled and said, "I know you have a responsibility. Just want to hold you." He put her in a tight hug, but he is also a victim of political marriage. He was married, her plane crashed, he saw the news, he fell out of tears.
Mother gave him 8 year old son 5 dollars to buy slippers. Son turned to the vegetable market to run, bought 5 dollars to buy a piece of meat to grandma's home. Grandma this happy, always boast filial grandson, immediately gave him 10 dollars.
Yesterday I went to barber shop hair cut, a man with his son to hair, the 5, 6 years old children refused, noisy, tamper with, not cut, his father say a sentence: "cut slanting cannot pick up hot chicks." Instant quiet.
Would you please buy it for a minute? ] it is not particularly effective for the soaking to remove the pesticide residues. The main organic phosphorus is not the most important organic phosphorus. And long time soaking vegetables will increase the content of nitrite. Try to avoid soaking cleaning so vegetables, it is best to use Vegetable & Fruit water cleaning agent, washing repeatedly.
Why can foreign full-time wife "Crazy"? In western countries, "housewife Full-time" belongs to a formal professional category. It is recognized that many western countries have formulated a comprehensive policy protection and stable welfare security, giving them the economic status and social status. According to China's national conditions, the whole society to give full time wife the corresponding benefits are not likely to achieve
[autumn and winter fruit how to eat nutrition maximum] cooked food, good taste is also more conducive to the body to absorb nutrients in fruits. 1, pear: cook a boiled, the effect is more praise. 2, hawthorn porridge: anti aging, treatment of dysmenorrhea also cancer. 3, grapefruit: warm boiled 10 minutes after grapefruit peel and honey tea drink. Reduce the blood viscosity, weight loss, anti-aging. 4, date: steamed more replenishing spleen. 5, apple: pectin in case of heat, benefits
In the clear view of the sunset, the night view of the stars in the sky big Piaochuang placed in front of a lamp holders, shop on the soft blanket, combined with a few soft relying on a bag, a belongs to own private space produced. With these, whether it is reading or taking a nap, have become lazy up.
The Mississippi River is English Mississippi, derived from the Algonquin Indians, native language. River rises to the west of the Lake Superior, Minnesota, Northwestern altitude 501 meters, and a small Itasca lake and flows southward across the Central Plains, into the Gulf of Mexico.
You don't have the same chance of being in the heart of the zodiac; you don't have the same things in your life; you don't have to be in love; you don't have a chance to show.
Careful design of the window seat let people feel a little luxury, but also a practical, leather sofa and color cushions let the eyes of joy, and under the sofa and you receive a good place. If you like it, you can try to create it.
Siamese pants pearl collar, super figure, and slim design, back zipper, double pocket, said the good.
I know that life is not a fairy tale, so I do not seek the end of the fairy tale, just want to have an imperfect but true love story. The protagonist of the story: me and you. Know that life isn t 'a fairytale and, I M' not asking for a happy ending. All I M 'as I
[for game players sucks smashing 8000 yuan high computer] in an online game players, because we feel that homebred net swims sucks, flay went so far as to he spent 8000 yuan high configuration of computer was smashed into pieces. City, a hospital psychiatrist Professor Wang said, computer games with a larger stimulus, a long time to play games may cause people emotional instability, irritability and other issues, the game should not be more than 3 consecutive small
Bath time to see your character, you like in what time to take a bath: 2, after a meal 1, 3, after watching the TV before taking a bath 4, before going to bed to wash 5, like the morning wake up after washing 6, used to take a bath with family.
Books are like a ladder, which can lead people to the palace of culture; books like a key, it will help us to open the window of wisdom of the soul; books like a boat, it will carry us to the knowledge of the sea.
"The world is too long winded, right or wrong, like old people like me, who will care about me, rich when the boss, no money to the difficult to live, even dismissive. How can we", and Zheng Zhihua "game world".
[1] Shrimp balls fried broccoli broccoli to thick stem broken into pieces; garlic mince; red pepper cut diamond film. 2 shrimp peeled shrimp into. 3 into the hot pan fry 1 minutes Sheng broccoli. 4 small hot fragrant garlic, add shrimp and stir in the fire. . until the shrimp discoloration, pour into the cooking wine and a little smoke, sugar, add the broccoli and red pepper, the fire quickly stir fry, finally add salt, pour a little sesame oil can be.
[will be listed at the end of the FAW Volkswagen brand new golf Guangzhou auto show released] the car has been in September in the FAW Volkswagen Foshan factory offline, will be equipped with 1.6L, 1.4T and a variety of engines, will be officially listed in December 20th sales, is expected to price at 120000 yuan or more.
Clay world is a super Q game. Its no matter in the interface design or monster model is the effect of clay, and clay in the game extremely realistic, players in the demo of the game will feel themselves in a clay soil of the world.
Freedom, not because of a sudden more than a good choice, but decided to choose life, construction of their own happiness rather than misfortune. Peace is not outside, but in the heart.
Because of confusion, so stay. Because of stranded, so decadent. Because of decadent, so sink. Because the sink, so lose. Finally, until a kind of confusion type of attitude embedded in our life, the confusion of wanton trample on our lives. In the end is we have ravaged the life, or life has torn us? Can make nothing of it Confused like a sad music, let us choke, let us numb.
The goods must be torn down! Necessary
Is an endless mystery fot, it has nothing else to explain it. Love love is an endless mystery, because nothing else can explain it.
To avoid the reality of the people, the future will be more ideal.
The Tesla electric spray (3 Tesla's Electric Mist - 3) "is a puzzle game, the game revolves around the story of Tesla started, he invented a time machine, but studies have shown enormous problems, you came at the end of the 19th century. Download address:
Never resist the hand drawn postcards.
BB cry when the most practical BB crying can be used as the following 3 steps: "I know you are very sad," 2 "if you feel sad, cry" 3 "if you cry, I will accompany you". Let BB know that no matter what their own grievances, parents always accompany in the side. In the sense of "comfort", the mood will heal faster.
2014 annual juxian! Best crazy dunks, ankle end, death to shine streetball League, screaming!
[5 types of people in the workplace interpersonal skills] British psychologists according to the character of different people in the workplace will be divided into five categories: to succeed at kick-off; gossip and nagging hen type; keen lubricant in communication type; come early and stay late type timer; open and creative innovation. Each class has a different art of communication.
[homemade Aloe Moisturizing Mask] to prepare materials: fresh aloe a small bowl of fresh milk egg Qing mixer homemade steps: the first step: first aloe take into the mixer, stir. The second step: the aloe juice in a small bowl, add fresh milk or egg. The third step: the full mixing of raw materials, stirring into a paste, and then deposited with the face, and gently massage, 20 minutes or so you can use the water
Replenishment = moisture? ] this is a misunderstanding of a lot of people. Replenishment is needed to direct the skin cells of the water; while moisturizing the skin cells to prevent loss of water. If the moisture system is not perfect, and then more water or water. So, the skin is always dry people, in the replenishment of the same time must pay attention to the skin of natural moisturizing system repair oh.
[Chrysanthemum Tea plus rock candy there are] you drink Chrysanthemum Tea like candy? Cold body body empty add rock sugar, more suitable for their physique; and strong body heater, add rock sugar will be weakened chrysanthemum tea heat effect. To people with diabetes, sugar is more harmful to health.
What did you do there, you're grounded.
[1], tomato sauce hairtail hairtail wash off, with the marinade and let stand for 20 minutes. 2, the marinated hairtail surface coated with a layer of flour. 3, oil heat, add hairtail frying until golden brown on both sides 4 tomato sauce 3 tablespoons, vinegar 3 tablespoons, sugar 2 tablespoons, soy sauce 1 tablespoon, water, a little starch into the bowl and mix thoroughly. 4, using the oil pan, saute ginger, garlic. 5, will adjust the good juice into, add half a bowl of water, boil. 6, Guan Huofang
[voice actress and singer Megumi Nakajima disclosure "no deadline to stop music" the truth] Megumi Nakajima's last concert will "thank you" she vindicate himself to stop the truth of music activities. He admits, "I want to have a time of self reflection. My ability is not enough." And said: "my goal is to one day be able to stand tall and say 'I'm back!'. I hope you can give me some time.
If the most beautiful happen in the ever, then the future will not continue. In fact, the one who once held you in life is not something else, he is your blue sky, your sunshine, your air. Once lost, nothing can replace, can make up for. He will cover your life forever.
Elmar ~ ~ happy, you are mistaken, I am a dog, please don't so much enthusiasm.
Z male guests yearning for Platon love encountered sharp question whether sex is incompetent
"In the center of the world of the dark," the third set: judgment of battle!
[Sichuan Danba cangzhai] Danba Tibetan village is a hidden in the Hengduan Mountains little-known hideaway, infinite mystery of the beauty of the valley, quiet poetic vernacular dwellings.
[Suzhou: sewage treatment to achieve what kind of effect in this regard, Gui Hua Lu, deputy director of the provincial water conservancy department gave full affirmation, "this water treatment system reached the effect of artificial pollution control and ecological landscape in harmony, in line with the requirements of the construction of ecological civilization, it is worth promotion." , the project also won the 2012 annual Jiangsu Provincial Department of finance, the Provincial Water Resources Department of 500000 yuan of water resources fee subsidy.
The world is not perfect, life is inevitably a pity. Happiness is a contrast, because the flow through the tears, so more sweet smile. Put away the complaining of the heart, so that the heart of the mirror according to the light, so that the dark hiding in the corner, the eyes do not see the heart.
After the Beatles and then Copen MINI successor D-X will be mass production has been a model to write some of the classic, that is, Copen, which looks like the Volkswagen Beetle, but more dynamic, because it is the positioning of a sports car. And time gone, it is urgent to find a successor. Tokyo Motor Show debut concept car D-X, it is very likely to become the future of Copen successor.
[technical] security to remove the U disk can not stop the "universal roll" of the solution! (don't pull it hard at every time. So your computer will crash sooner or later).
Pisces super tender, but if you understand that they are weak, it's a big mistake. They are more gentle than most people, and they have great endurance. Perhaps they love fantasy help them, always give them comfort and hope. But often people feel incredible fantasy, because of their flexible adhere to and touched the hearts of good, but unexpectedly is implemented. To some extent, they are strong.
I grew older, the more that the psychological dark, a belly scheming, head full of conspiracy theory is due to a lack of intelligence.
The classic Japanese anime song Megamix (Chinese subtitles) childhood ah ~!! Just listen to the first stop to stop!!!
California Monod lake is located in the east of California, is the second largest lake in California. Monod lake near Yosemite National Park, an area of about 60 square miles, due to the remote, less people know. Is one of the oldest lakes in North America, the lake has no outlet, all by evaporation, so the lake left a lot of salt, salinity is more than twice the sea, known as the Dead Sea in California. It's really beautiful, isn't it?
In the public disapproval, a thief tied at the execution ground lock. Before the execution, the father went up to him and said to him: "my child, you deeply regret it sin! Otherwise, heaven's door to you will be closed." The thief answered: "no relationship, the world without me to open the door."
Waite Ralph died, and his role in the office of the NCIS (Jackson) was a mystery. The drama drama director Gary Glasberg said recently, the finale will explain his story...... There is no doubt that the Jackson also died.
God save me ~ ~
"Wine addicted again and again, when anesthesia I Yuyi, later all will calm, not broken red walls, the road can not see clearly, again what struggle and forced, stepping on the gray trajectory - - -" ---Beyond the gray trajectory "
Super funny!! A play dance hang cafe... You are also too shocked ~ ~ buddy before going out must not take medicine, bunker!!
Tuzki piggy bank!
14.08 pounds Long Baobao domestic most re birth baby
Rida Run - ft. RedFoo of LMFAO Flo is far from the beauty of the woman you want to run and come to the chest to kill amazing
Need to have a reason to love you. Anything can be a reason not to love you. No like you, do not need a reason; do not like you, what can become a reason.
It's very simple to make things complicated and simple. The world is neither rich nor the world, nor is it a world of people who has a heart. A man's luck, in fact, he has the ability to change himself. Operating their own strengths, can make your life value; operating your weaknesses, can make your life fall. The earth is a movement, a person will not always be in a bad position.
The world's highest hotel: the new opening of the Dubai Marriott Hotel Tower 1 is the highest in the world, the 77 storey Hotel, a total of 120 suites and 684 rooms.
Terrible model red girl, do good deeds and help the old woman to take this with a hat of the villain, gosh, the villain how can move ah, ha ha, don't be afraid, which turns out to be a spoof.
Only the memory became a thing apart, we can in this cemetery the same earth, go farther.
[beauty self] the most complete history of the country's 150 colleges and Universities
Altman, the richest in the world.
Foshan: Harvest nearly nearly one hundred of the grapes have been cut off from one another in 3 years, and more than 20 days will be able to harvest. Ronan ecological park, Mr. Du suffered such a sad night of 13 days, the loss of more than 20000 yuan. At present, the police have been involved in the investigation.
The people's daily talk about the income gap: hard for decades, as well as sub suites, at present, China's urban and rural areas, between regions and between the income gap between the industry, some of the industry's pay is significantly higher than the average wage level. Caused by the gap between the income level of the reasons, there are institutional mechanisms and other issues, but also a rent-seeking, monopoly and other non equity factors. A foreign white-collar workers called "hard for decades, as the unit of a suite".
How many people, obviously broke up, but still love. How many people, obviously still love, said to lay down, how many people, obviously sad, but also a smile that I am very good.
[Microsoft disclosure of cross One/WP PC/Xbox multi platform version of the details of the DX12 in early 3, Microsoft has made a commitment, the company will bring its graphics API next major update, that is, DirectX 12. According to Perspective PC from the San Francisco Game Developers Conference (GDC 2014) live reports, DirectX 12 will be able to cross
Chiang Wei Kuo in oral memoir chronicles, the mother Yao Yecheng of Chiang Kai Shek marry Song Meiling promote: "mother said: now the old song Mrs. and miss in Tokyo, if you like, I with you in the break up, you find a hole big brother house (Xiangxi) and asked him to accompany you to propose three song Miss (MME), if you are willing to do so...... Then there is hope for the revolution, and I can help you.
On the pitch than funny highlights, the fear of God as opponents, but funny than teammates ~ ~ friends, we must remember that!
[] is located in Anhui Province, Tai Chi Dong Xuancheng, Guangde County of Shilongshan, was that Feng Menglong is called "the world one of the four". Is China's largest karst cave, 5400 meters long, with a total area of 14 million square meters, by the hole, cave, tunnel, the dry hole. But there is a hole in the hole, the same hole.
Shortly after the founding of the Western Han Dynasty, the Imperial Court promulgated the following provisions: "to buy the house, not more than their house, do not permit." Means to buy a house must be close to the existing house; enters the Tang Dynasty policy "Qiutianwenshe, ask neighbors"; means buyers must after the approval of the original owners neighbors and nations; from the Yuan Dynasty began to purchase policies is not housing officials; in the Ming and Qing Dynasties is prohibited all officials in the work place to buy!
[Kampuchea] the Bayon depicting vivid murals as recounting a distant story.
Taiwan quality underwear show
[spicy chicken wings] 1. Wash the wings on both sides of the draw knife; 2. Add a pinch of salt, soy sauce, cooking wine, mix well preserved after 2 hours; 3. Chicken wings into the microwave oven fire three minutes; 4. Sprinkle with white pepper powder and chilli powder; 5. Reentry microwave oven fire 4 minutes; 6. Take out chicken wings, sprinkle a little white pepper.
Why does the dog always do damage when they are alone at home? ] different dogs and cats, dog like social, afraid of lonely, alone in the home, will enable it to nervous panic, some vulnerable dogs like to leave master smell the stuff that your up, placed around him to give him courage, if these are not enough, it will tear them, this is how, the debris around around them, a sense of security in some big.
It's better to be alone. Nobody can hurt you. Sometimes sometimes very good, at least no one can hurt you.
[gravity survival: Revenge of the metal gloves] CPC game set simple, medium, and hard difficulty three different models for players to choose, and the choice of mode of different decisions you participate in the challenge of life value length. In addition, the randomly generated levels that let you every time into the game can maintain freshness, greatly increased the game playable degree.
The superior man blames himself. The inferior man blames others. a wise man to blame himself, a responsible person.
To find a safe haven, the world outside the chaos can hide in that a small paradise, hold each other's hands and touch each other warm, never afraid of the unknown.
[hair test your marriage] Please in following hair elected you most like to have a [a] like a waterfall long hair, but also a natural and elegant; [b] shawls long hair, but it curled like a wave, of course is the amorous feelings kinds; [C] pure student head, simple and refreshing; [D] short hair, beautiful and stylish, Xpress.
Valley] [lover Valentine Valley, Dongfeng Town, Wudang District, Guiyang city is located in the territory, 7 km away from Guiyang city is a leisure and enjoy the cool air, close to nature, feel natural, edify the sentiment of a good place. The whole valley, changing scenery and magical, except the canyon of the beautiful scenery, between the depths of the forest, cliff, there are many caves.
Appropriate oil is conducive to the skin moisture of the adhesion, can make the water is not so easy to lose. So don't doubt some moisturizing lotion so greasy, because they are the use of oil to moisture, but to pay attention to the premise of the moisture is full of skin moisture, so that the "wet" but to maintain. Therefore, we must use toner and the essence of the water.
[games gametea] starting from Wenzhou, is famous for its classic variety Shuangkou Shuangkou game series etc.. What Shuangkou is popular mainly in Jiangsu and Zhejiang, the rules of the game, similar to common struggle upstream. Play two cards. On the home match, the game is to match the two party to the hands of the hands of the card as soon as possible, pay attention to. When combined with both sides of the licence to end, and two of the other party has no end, it is your success.
[high school boys rider killed the old man escape 2 days later. On July 8, in Guangxi, a junction sidewalks, a 70 year old man is from motor vehicle lanes suddenly pulled out a bike knocked down, the old man unconscious on the spot drivers escape. The old man finally died. Under the pressure of public opinion, surrendered two days after the accident boys in the mother company, claiming that head dizzy and next to abet, so escape. The case is still under investigation.
[child was bullied parents do] as a parent, you can only influence on education for their children, when children in conflict with others, first do not rush to find each other's parents, to find a teacher, even stepped in for children to solve, do not comment on "causes of conflict and children together for judgment, looking for possibilities to be able to solve the problem.
[King 2] "King 2" the use of the United States peak digital independent research and development of a new engine, the original ultra clear particle flow technology, to the mobile phone's performance to the limit, rendering the most gorgeous skills. In addition to the magic of the particle flow technology, "the King 2" on the screen of another big effort is in the details, "the King 2" "in a detailed picture of foot effort, even scene in the flower of grass are clearly visible.
I always thought that Miss arrived but timesong, is that the miss did not penetrate the fleeting courage, were later found, not missing rigid not, but fleeting the head, had no who can wait... Love, is always a painful thing, never give up, never hurt.
The difference between ordinary and extraordinary ordinary parents tell their children, how can you be so lazy, lazy! Excellent parents say: you work hard to do better! Ordinary parents said: how can you be so selfish! Excellent parents say: you can try to think for others. Ordinary parents say: you are a waste of time! Excellent parents said: "you can try to use the time. Use of words of blessing will make the child to the good direction of development!
[Huangpu] Cadet oath don't love money, do not drag. Unified will, dear sincere. Follow up will, stand firm. The sacrifice for the struggle and the sacrifice of the doctrine. The succession of martyrs life, carry forward the spirit of Whampoa　. In order to achieve the purpose of the national revolution, to the completion of the world revolution. Swear!
You feel the opposite position [test] now you are? [a] sleep hands in the vicinity of the head or hair; [b] side sleeping, his arms hanging on in the vicinity of the thigh; [C] face, hands placed on the abdomen; [D] like grabbed a blanket or a doll; [e] none of the above.
Let the girl [quietly changed America] 1 coup, often pinch the nose, the nose will become high. 2, draw the eye liner, eye will increase half times. 3, swimming, the body will become 'symmetry. 4, tooth or braces, can help improve the face, mouth. 5, often can reduce the abdomen, lower abdomen. 6, go to bed early. 7, drink honey lemon water. 8, don't skip legs. 9, before going to bed massage legs and ankles. 10, hot towel apply eye to black eye.
Cleansing the steps you know? ] if cleansing the right way, the dirt will prevent clogged pores, sebum and sweat excretion, will also affect the skin to breathe. According to the order of cleansing: first, lips, the unloading eyes, after unloading the facial makeup, then wash. Unload eyes, lips when separated, the best selection of specialized products and facial makeup products.
[1] baby oral ulcer coup, vitamin C tablets 1 ~ 2 pieces of crushed, sprinkled on the ulcer surface, 2 times a day. 2, the whole milk powder, every time a spoon and add a little sugar, with boiling water, 2 to 3 times a day. 3, fresh banana leaves roasted hot after sticking the ulcer, 2 to 3 times daily. 4, tomato juice contained in the mouth, each containing fand after a few minutes to swallow, a day for many times, also have a certain therapeutic effect.
[Zhang Weining resigned as deputy chairman of the Eleventh CPPCC Committee of Henan Province] January 19, Henan Province CPPCC eleventh second meeting held the Third Plenary Session of the, agreed to accept Zhang Weining resigned from the post of vice chairman of the Eleventh CPPCC Committee of Henan Province, agreed to accept Zhan sea view to resign zeta tenth CPPCC session of Henan Provincial Committee of the Standing Committee positions.
[Huang nvmo poetry hit the face Ling reached 90% narrowly escaped a strong hold] April 24, according to Taiwan media reports, first supermodel Lin Chi Ling is the goddess forever in the minds of many people as a. Recently a man named Wong poetry exhibition models, because it looks exactly like Zhiling sister became a topic of figures, who rely on the star face within 1 month received a total of 20 field activities have therefore was almost strange men strong hold, even I could not help but say, "may really looks a bit like
This expression may not mean "poor". After careful observation we can find its true meaning is: after the double eleven, chopped her hand to you.
The construction team of the first permanent concrete pile into the foundation of the building of the Disney Park in Shanghai, marking the official start of the construction of the fantasy fairy tale castle in Shanghai Disney. As the world's highest and largest xee a Disney castle, fantasy fairy tale castle will be Shanghai Disney Resort theme park -- Shanghai Disneyland center landmark attractions.
[Disney HD programming landing Beijing] on October 19, Gehua wired and Canton HD, the United States Walt Disney Pictures to launch the "favorite Disney" program package, formally launched in Gehuayouxian high-definition interactive digital TV platform. This program includes "baby Disney" and "youth Disney" two series, is the first to provide bilingual and high-definition picture quality in Beijing, the demand for the program is 3 to 14 years old children
[tips: 12 "the most dirty" fruits and vegetables! ] the Environmental Working Group (EWG) has been for 9 consecutive years released list of black, 12 big dirty fruits and vegetables, Podesta, apples this year still tops the list, pesticide residue high amount of apple. 2 strawberry. 3 grape. 4 celery. 5 peach. 6 spinach. 7 sweet pepper. 8 imported nectarine. 9 cucumber. 10 potatoes. 11 Cherry Tomatoes. 12 pepper. These fruits and vegetables,
[many real estate gangster bearish market Renzhijiang insisted that "continue to rise ten years" on June 2, Renzhiqiang Huayuan Real estate again stand up, for the real estate: industry to boost the morale of the backing, he said "China's property market is rising to ten years". However, with many of the developers to support the property market is different, this time, a number of industry big brother publicly said that the outlook is not optimistic about the old term almost become a lonely fighter".
[who said no Lamborghini not sell SUV? Lamborghini LM002] Lamborghini LM002 from 20th century 70's at the end of a military project, the prototype model for the Lamborghini cheetah. LM002 looks like a code name, the real meaning is "LamborghiniMilitaria (Lamborghini military vehicles) for the second attempt. LM002 is Lan Boji
The British Pakistan dog Winston, recently on the Internet is the fire, with a venomous ugly face, amazing ah.
A woman walking and night road, suddenly see a man with open arms to her, do a hug, to come forward is a foot. Man fell to the ground crying, said: all third block, and I would like to ask who is the cause, with a piece of glass home is so difficult?
[1], absolute classic world of big, big but you need that piece of mind. 2, Notre Dame de Paris less of the bells, will you. 3, want to bite you, but I am hui. 4, these two pieces of lips, a large plate. 5, you are the South Korean people, your family is South korea! 6, you can buy oil in your family to buy oil in Sinopec has also bought s.. 7, thinking how far, how far you roll.
Fresh color: color, bright color collocation, very sweet feeling.
Pagani Pagani Zonda R's goal is not to compromise everything in pursuit of the ultimate performance of the track, in addition to security. This project is started from a set of September 2006 design sketches, and directly get the support of AMG, I for the project to provide a Mercedes-AMG 750ps engine can output V12.
Frozen [Yellow River magnificent spectacle "ice flowers" winter, the Yellow River in Dali County, Shaanxi section, the formation of ice and ice with water flowing, in the sunlight, like girls clearly, moving, Dong Dong sound of the collision, really pleasant to the ear, interpretation of the a wonderful "Yellow River Cantata".
July 2, for Joanna Luna family is a very important day, because she and her daughter Lorraine, granddaughter Jaina common birthday is on this day. Professor of Stanford University, the maternal grandmother, mother and daughter in the same day, the probability is very small, about 1/130000, the three generation of the same birthday can be considered a miracle.
No matter what we do, if you can't have, then forget is the best choice, people's life is short of the fragile life cannot bear too much load, no matter how beautiful the scenery,, we can only do short-term appreciation, life is not perfect, regret is the real life.
[] psychological test to see your character from ordering, fast to measure test!
[Nanchang this month good weather only 13 days cold air to bring wind and rain hit is expected to disperse the haze] hearing on October 30, 28, a shares invasion of weak cold air in our province, 29 present goes weather of overcast and rainy, but have not yet been away haze. Data from the national urban air quality real time released data show that 29, Nanchang air quality is still mild pollution. From October 1st to 29, the good weather in Nanchang is only 13 days, the air quality is
Choose a toy for the baby by age [(four)] 13 - 18 months baby needs many colors, shapes, where the multifunctional toy. To the age of this month, most babies have learned to walk independently, so the experts recommend a large push toys, so that the baby can be free to promote, to enhance the ability to walk, and enhance the fun of walking. Pro, some electronic toys that can talk, talk about the story can also try to let the baby go to touch.
In winter is not a long time for the dog to wear clothes, back to the warm and comfortable home of S., should be the dog's coat off. Ensure that the dog's body temperature balance in the most important, if the counter to the dog sometimes hot and sometimes cold, easy to catch cold.
First] ["Dora A Dream" new theatre satisfaction ranking according to the Japanese Weekend statistical satisfaction survey film ranking list, as a series of the 33 works "Doraemon Nobita secret props Museum" ranked in the list of the top. In second place was Michael Haneke's "Amour" value.
You stopped a red light at the intersection! Super - car!
Would like to buy a pair of shoes, high heels shoes very elegant, very relaxed, very comfortable sports shoes, slippers is very frustrated. But you always have to pick the one that you after lining.
Can't stand the pain, will not see any lucky blessing.
The psychological tip is mature, not to see how old you are, but to see your shoulders to carry multiple responsibilities. The real happiness is to strive for one point one points, is the day of the accumulation of. Don't hurt to love you, also don't let the person you love hurt. In fact everyone began to all don't understand love, and love together through some things, through some of the pain, to become mature and xee will know how to cherish.
If two people can't be in a calm mood to sit down to talk, then a loud or noisy. The nature and thought of the two people in B4 only thinking of seeking common ground while reserving differences, rather to conceal the pretense and sometimes noisy little contradiction, may actually met with the true, heart.
Tired, tough and tau hurt... It's all about making you love me. Again tired, again painstakingly, the pain, just for you to love me.
[Guiyang Longdongbao International Airport Terminal 2 building ready] on October 4, Guiyang Longdongbao International Airport Terminal 2 floor transition operation media ventilation meeting, April 16, Guiyang Longdongbao No. 1 terminal goes all China Southern Airlines domestic flight will be all transitions to the No. 2 terminal hold fly, and the remaining flights still in terminal 1 hold fly.
[twelve constellations of the most astute clever list]: first name. Aries; second: Virgo; third: Scorpio; Fourth: Gemini; fifth: cancer; sixth: Leo; seventh: Aquarius; eighth: Libra; Ninth: Capricorn; the ten: Sagittarius; 11th: Taurus; the twelve: Pisces.
Changchun provides for kindergarten buildings more than 3 hours per day of sunshine in June 23rd, Changchun City, city, living in the Interim Measures for the management of residential buildings, the interim measures, and in June began to implement. The Interim Measures provides that the activity room of the nursery and kindergarten and the sunshine should be satisfied; the standard of the winter solstice day shall be no less than 3 hours, and the active site shall have no less than 1/2 of the active area outside the standard building sunshine shadow.
Star women hate men] Aries female (Yourou mindless) Taurus (gossiping) Gemini (immature) and cancer (no sense of responsibility of lions (idle) virgin (littering the chaotic pendulum) in Libra (xiaodujichang) Scorpio (female flower NaBH intestines) shooter (stingy stingy Capricorn) (think woman should do the cooking with children) water bottle (the lone arbitrary) Pisces female (lack the emotional appeal of)
[alliance] car "Racing League" will launch the game the first city street track "Shanghai track", this is the game the first joined the Chinese elements of the track. Shanghai match the road will be in Shanghai of the real scene as the background, allowing the player to drive the car rode in the Oriental Pearl TV Tower, Shanghai World Financial Center Shanghai landmark building between, very fun!
For the two part of the right job, a partial reason, it can be listed as a balance sheet, will need to consider the various factors (arrangement) and scoring, after calculating the total score, there will be a result, finally you need to consider, this result is really in line with their own feelings.
