Talent ah, roaring marketing brother!!!
Only a high degree of myopia can be seen...... If you look good in the eyes, please look at the eyes, the five words on behalf of I want to say to you.
[RWBY] &amp; [Aladdin] Cosplay.
[hurt] Eyelash Extensions without the use of mascara, also can have bright eyes? The British College of optometrists found: repeated Eyelash Extensions will cause the traction of madarosis lashes for traction hair shaft and nervousness. And after the first time will certainly fall in love with that effect, repeated use will reduce the possibility of natural eyelashes. Expand the use of glue, but also risk factors. Recommended special occasions with false eyelashes, daily use mascara.
I met a friend. I said: "this honor, you can get such a friend." He said: "it's a pity......" I said: "what do you say? I can't hear." The bar's voice is too loud. He had a drink, and suddenly stood up, "but I just want to be your lover!" His red eyes, the music still, the person in the hotel by looking at two man a kiss.
Never turn back time, she is like a long river, since ancient times, The stream never stops flowing.
[8] OL method] 1, keep the back straight. 2, stretch muscles, turning the ankle. 3, when the phone to stand up. 4, after a walk to choose to climb stairs. 5, tighten the buttocks to tighten the buttocks, adhere to five seconds, and then relax for five seconds, repeat four times. 6, to prepare for their own food to reduce food intake. 7, so that snacks away from sight. 8, relax leg movement, pat massage.
[Hawaii] Diamond Head Crater is Hawaii wa Hu island in the southeastern corner of a extinct volcano, formed in 10 million years ago, geology called tuff cone. About two million years ago, when the entire island of the island has been formed, some of the small volcano on the island began to erupt, diamond head is one of them. Experience of hiking enthusiasts will go to try.
[psychological reminder] learn to accept incomplete, is life's mature. No man is perfect, the normal life is missing. Life achievements have lost, there is no poly San, who can be richly endowed by nature, shut out the heavens with one palm. Fish and bear's paw, it may not be possible, this is the helplessness of life. A mature person, can calmly face all is not perfect, so do not insist on not persistent, all personnel, revel and security. The pursuit of perfection is a beautiful ideal, accept the incomplete is a good state of mind
You have to lose the mentality, and focus on the negative, you may have. Lose the light, the pain is light; the value of the value, the value of happiness. Natural and unrestrained life, the heart only wants to be happy. Suffering is a wealth, it will temper the will of the people, so that people get the true meaning of life. China idiom said, another one said, All sufferings have their reward.; eat bitter, leading to human.
So far, we have created a lot of game characters for us, and we have a lot of female characters that make us impressed. Here's a video of a sexy woman who put more games. Laura, including Rebecca such as you know or you have never seen the role will be in the video board often.
Alann Alan "Gemini" MV micro film premiere
If you are not happy when you are single, you will not be happy. Happiness comes from within, not from men.
There is a wise and innocent life, naked, leaving the spotless.
The dark pigment is present in the bottom of the skin a protein, by ultraviolet irradiation, melanin is easy to generate a protective skin material, over time, precipitation to the skin surface, form a stain, so basically whitening products can inhibit the melanin, but if too much inhibition, it is easy to lead to vitiligo.
[the origin of fires in the endless darkness, internationally gently on the screen one stroke, lit the hands match, give yourself with a trace of light and illuminate the forward. In this player is not only to keep the collection of props to keep matches a weak flame can continue to burn, but also to avoid or burn those intentions to extinguish the fire of the fire of the enemy.
These years, the teacher's pet phrase 3: don't want to sleep
Light room, we can use light color to change the atmosphere of the space, but also use some of the young characteristics of small props, to add fresh blood to the bedroom. Carpet of color block, the same style of the printing seat, to ensure the overall coordination of space style at the same time, color refreshing and bright decorations, let the home will never stop at the age of 19.
We all know that Bao is a good officer very positive. However, in the case of each package, while the moon always touched his forehead while pronouncing. Make everyone a hundred times what he was saying...... Once again, the trial of the case of the bao. As usual he stroked the moon while pronouncing. It is next to the Secretary heard, the original case before Bao always said: "I will replace the moon to punish you!"
[file disguise hidden] a very deceptive file hiding tool, the surface is a battery tool, in fact, it is a file hiding tool, not only hidden files, even themselves are hidden, more security.
[the most beautiful ice highway connecting Canada Banff National Park and Jasper National Park of the Icefield Parkway (the Icefields Parkway), also known as highway 93, crossing the rugged rocky mountains, along with a vast wilderness, the ancient glaciers, pristine alpine lakes and broad valley. This is no doubt a world class trip.
Golden ball! C, 2013 -- 14 season, Madden Football skills, perfect interpretation, on the pitch of the king.
Every girl's favorite song there, is an untold story. Behind each girl's favorite songs behind, there is an untold story.
Collocation points: black and white striped shirt + hole denim pants nine + Beige turtleneck sweater + brown strappy heels.
[potato silk egg rolls] the eggs alone in the cake batter. This burger out egg cake surface has very beautiful egg liquid, then add the potato silk is rolled into a cake, seems very attractive ah!
Private fried tofu tofu cut diamonds, soaked in salted egg liquid marinate for 10 minutes; green peppers, garlic cut grain, shred onion ginger; pan oil 78 into the heat, slightly smoking, bean curd blocks. A little. Chunks of tofu micro yellow floating can play, leave a little base oil, the remaining egg, stir fry, joined the green peppers, garlic, onion, ginger, pour a little soy sauce stir fry; join the fried tofu, add a small amount of soy sauce, sugar and lightly stir fry
With black and white is the law of absolute stylish atmosphere, black dress collocation white padded jacket, a gas field, do not need too much deserve to act the role of, walk in the street is enough to let the people memorable the.
Salar de Uyuni salt marsh (Salar de Uyuni) is located near the southwestern Bolivia sky mirror of the small town of Uyuni, the world's largest salt marshes. According to research, millions of years ago here is a vast ocean, along with the crust rising, water receded, leaving one of the lakes.
Communists would like that, Joe married early, so that I may not be happy.
[effect of career advancement 12 kinds of mentality] 1, always feel not being good enough 2, endless pursuit of 3, non black and white world 4, unconditionally avoidance conflict 5, 5, violent suppression of opponents 6, born like people look askance at 7, overconfidence, eager to succeed 8, neglect of transposition thinking 9, trapped to Shengkunsuobang 10, pretend to understand 11, my road in the end right tube 12, don't live in the mouth.
Jessica at the airport appeared wearing a white vest shirt collocation pink pencil pants intellectual charm, lace shirt collar color and short in front of a long beam shirt collocation hate special, dotted with black wrist bag and metal watch Tim increase noble temperament.
[twelve constellations Jiao Jiao female most like what kind of palace Princess - Princess bold Aries]. Taurus - wisdom. Gemini capricious princess. Cancer - tender. Leo - proud princess. Virgo - rational. Libra - the beauty of the princess. Scorpio - elegant princess. Sagittarius - justice. Capricorn - weary princess. Aquarius - Frank princess. Pisces - romantic princess.
[life common sense] often eat snacks, will get cancer of the stomach, because the stomach to rest; a week can only eat four eggs, eat too much. Is not good for your health; chicken ass contain carcinogens, do not eat well; after a meal to eat fruit is wrong idea, should be eating fruit before meals; drink soya bean milk, do not add egg and sugar, don't drink too much; fasting do not eat tomatoes, preferably after a meal to eat.
Seeking nurturing, will warm bed...
A mother is safe to sleep.
The moment when the lion's most attractive is the moment to hold you in. Generous and proud of the lion men often performance of the king of the wind, the high handed. For example when you haven't responded to come over, all of a sudden, he used his the strong arm will you pull into the bosom, this kind of arrogant and powerful magnetic field make you lose the ability to resist, also don't want to fight, in the arms of his sweet. Such power and high handed, how can you refuse to get it?
[golden brown curly hair] range of children's fashion in Europe and the United States this golden brown hair hair, Shun Qi flat bangs to cover the eyebrows, top very supple hair and hair tail curls radian to match, creating a hair hair this Cecil range of children in Europe and America. With the golden brown hair color is very fresh, rosy.
"Crossover," the famous fashion brand in Japan recently, Wakubo Rei CDG, vice brand PLAY and Coca-Cola Coca-Cola PLAY x! If we buy, will be willing to drink it? It's a blast wave!
Endocrine disorders [old fast conditioning] 1, five Chinese mental conditioning: to maintain a pleasant mood of optimism. 2, detoxification conditioning: attention to maintain the size of the sweat glands of the smooth. 3, sports conditioning: actively participate in physical exercise, pay attention to work and rest. 4, sex life conditioning: to maintain the harmony between husband and wife, the regulation of endocrine disorders is important. 5, food conditioning: Food and many varieties of changes, collocation is reasonable, more close to vegetables, water
[egg white beauty effect] before going to bed every night, gently pat the face, and then gently rub the face with egg white, and the skin wrinkles in a little more, 15-20 minutes later, wash away with water. After using this method, it will be found that the skin becomes full of elasticity, tenderness, and is not easy to allergies. But avoid egg white Fumian time should not be too long, after washing with water will have a better effect.
In order to beautiful, winter is freezing the beautiful ~ ~ think so exaggerated collar, twist yarn, plain a set of very gentle lady feel Oh!
Mascara is no longer afraid of dry: mascara is too easy to do not long after Kaifeng can not be used, teach you a simple way to remedy, just to prepare a bottle of lotion and an eyelash growth liquid. Along the mascara mouth drip 1-2 drops of make-up water gently stirring, can increase the humidity of mascara, restore the original fiber mascara; the use of mascara, the two brush head brush each other, so that the brush head can be wet mascara, mascara and can be used!
Match sofa Backdrop Design and the entire living room style, outstanding sofa Backdrop Design and the entire living room design Roewe integration, in the sofa backdrop effect chart, the living room sofa color and cushion pattern and sofa backdrop design consistent, the flowers in full bloom, Pianfei butterfly let your living room in a flower in the world.
[love potential Feng Shui test] love potential of the diagnosis and testing, see what you have potential it (test)
[crab seafood soup] crab, tape and clean the shrimp into the food cooking machine into fluffy pulp; add egg white in the machine work, peeled ginger and sake, whisk; pour in the chicken stock, salt and white pepper powder, playing uniform; will play good seafood garlic into the pot, with the fire slowly boil, from time to time to stir; once the soup to the boil, turn down the heat and cook for 1-2 minutes.
"God" praves vitality girl edge node COS
[psychological test] the other people's eyes you have much &quot; show &quot;? Look at the picture next to the picture, please take a look at it and make a choice.
Discount cards bank cards, bank cards significance lies in that you make money, discount cards, is that you play for money, our lives do not pay attention to the results, only care about how to play. "Rent a girlfriend home for the new year"
[the role of the father in the education of children's participation in the upbringing of the baby, the father and baby to play sports, technology, intelligent strong game, and pay attention to the performance of their inherent in the game, deep, decisive, independent, aggressive, cooperative and other male characteristics, so that the baby has a subtle influence.
Good scenery in the film 1, "Yimeng sisters": Menglianggu; 2, "big dyehouse": Zhoucun ancient commercial city; 3, "Eight Immortals crossing the sea": Penglai Pavilion; 4, the railway guerrillas ": Weishan Lake; 5," outlaws of the marsh ": Liangshan; 6," Mou Manor ": Mou's manor; 7," Confucius ": three holes; 8," Huanzhugege ": Daming Lake.
[Sony "America" announced end of sales exceeded 6000000 fully deserve god! ] Sony announced its PS3 exclusive popular masterpiece "the end" sales has exceeded 600 million, and announced that organizing the naughty dog will be held next week in the gdc2014 game show an interview meeting, naughty dog in the game show, Tao Lin "the end of the development technology and process details, will also introduce DLC" legacy "
World is big and life is short.Live the life the way you want. The ~ ~ ~ the world is too big, life is so short. To make it as much as you want.
[MV] SAKURA, I Love You- Kana Nishino (xiyie Dhaka nano)
If success is my goal, then ride something I can control is to turn adversity very important key. I want to know what is a poor yoke - I must have a way to get rid of the disease, ignorance, dependence and inertia.
[G type Grabbity (Grabbity)] is a puzzle game, players play Grabbian to rescue friends. Players need to tilt their equipment to allow Grabbian to be affected by gravity to cross the barrier, touching the screen will let Grabbian jump. The game is also very good picture, background music is very high quality, and the animation design for the game's protagonist
Holiday ride home, sitting next to me is like a tea sister as beauty, along the way, racking my brains to think of how to strike up a conversation, just don't know how to speak, see to the station, anxious I sitting difficult ANN, then sister paper Piao my one eye said: station soon, don't worry, the station toilet.
[Laotudingzi] Liaoning the second peak, the Changbai Mountain Longgang Branch, after dozens of kilometers of flower neck mountain apart, meters 1376.3 elevation, renowned as "the roof of Liaoning", scenic area is beautiful, mountain Gaolin dense Xianyao, mountain scenery throughout the year with different, due to the thunder mountain air of station has no tourism development, clean non polluting, no wonder photographers from all over the country like hiking Laotudingzi pictures of the sunrise.
Every bean has its black. But each one came to this world have a belong to his own position, which some people say life coordinates, who in the shortest period of time found their life coordinates, who has obtained the success of priority.
The main group of anger - H chart
The real taste of life, it is contained in the "plain" two words. Life is not perfect, I am still happy. Although have something to lose, get the friendship will leave, want to pursue the feeling is so far away, but I understand, I understand everything around me and things, I will cherish.
[twelve constellations of food transport Magic] food can also help the twelve constellations of transport Oh, Aries: hot for this; Taurus: light and food; Gemini: innovative dishes; cancer: pity expensive Wing Yan; LEO: French packages. VIRGO: decompression of the vegetable, Libra: buffet dinner. Scorpio: strong smell; SAGITTARIUS: international cuisine; CAPRICORN: hot pot lively; AQUARIUS: more vegetables, less meat; Pisces: Micro wine dessert.
[BB coarse grain foods: whole wheat toast salad recipe ingredients: whole wheat toast 1 / 2 tablet, mushrooms, chicken, lettuce, tomatoes, egg yolk salad dressings, etc.. Production methods: 1, fresh mushrooms are cooked, cut into thin slices, will be cooked rotten chicken cut into small pieces, toast cut into Xiaoding; 2. Wash lettuce, tear into small pieces; cherry tomatoes washed, cut into pieces; 3. The prepared the materials are mixed, stirred, topped with mayonnaise, salad.
[scene] Hongkong black taxi driver from grab a street fight.
Fujitsu new identification system in the field of identity recognition is good at the Fujitsu Corporation recently introduced their latest product - a new identification system, the system uses the measurement of biological knowledge, and the palm vein recognition and fingerprint identification together, from one hundred million people to identify the identity of the user is only 2 seconds.
He Jie "please don't tell me Sorry", please turn around and don't leave me, please don't say to me Sorry.
Sweet Taiwan model seaside show.
Various positions in the responsibilities, rights and interests, the division of labor and cooperation, skills, techniques, etc, have clear requirements, and often differs from other posts, each post has its particularity of employees, in the growing specialization of today, & quot; jack of all trades & quot; and is not to be optimistic.
[anywhere Education Law] took the kids to the park to play, tickets to queue, training children to keep order; roadside blooming flowers, tell TA flower name, smell the incense incense, teach children to learn to observe, to cultivate the attention and love for the good things; drink beverage bottle, peel the skin, let children are thrown into the garbage box... Children learn a lot of knowledge, but also to accept the moral education.
[the catastrophe of God "beauty service new hero Tana Toth announced] September 23, the beauty of the catastrophe of God" service announced new hero of Greek mythology in the "death" Tana Toth video. Thanatos is death in Greek mythology. In the game, Thanatos had the blood, onrush, control of such multiple strong skills with nifty modeling and gorgeous combo.
Hurts to love someone and not be loved in return but, what is the most painful is to love someone and never finding the courage to let t It
After the foundation of the pre job training, enterprises should let new employees as soon as possible into the specific work, arrange them with team members to communicate and share, deepen understanding of corporate culture, organizational structure, job responsibilities to help them quickly to build self-confidence and sense of community.
Manual nail bead rose vest, multilayer falbala high waisted shorts collocation, pointed gold sandals, retro gorgeous low-key oh.
Ultra hd!! Real beautiful underwater world] close watch colorful coral, hippocampus, exotic fish and other aquatic organisms. Visual effect is so shocking!!
[Kenting Hebe] is a this time around the island of Taiwan free personal favorite attractions, so do for the first part of the trip blog. Ang Lee film "juvenile fantasy drifting life of Pi" in the protagonist, "Pi" after seven months of sea adventure, finally landing ashore the Mexican beach, real viewfinder is here: in Kenting, Taiwan of Pak Sha Wan.
Break the rules, jump off the frame, do this time of the girl, is to seriously do their own! Bad girl movie theme song - Ella (Ella Chen)
Sorry, this microblogging has been deleted. View help: http://t.cn/8sYl7Qb
Life is not a game, we don't have much choice. Choose to go hang. Life is like a journey, along the way, we can not predict the scenery met, as long as the sincerity to appreciate, everything is beautiful.
Life, the harder, the more lucky. Finally understand, quiet, low-key is life in a real good, can the static under heart to confusion is a kind of self-cultivation, is a kind of personality foundation, only static under heart will be found, that Qinxin static concomitant and life serene and beautiful.
[Lijiang] a magical and beautiful land. In this piece of land, wonderful distribution of the holy snow mountain, roaring rivers, steep gorge, clear lakes, wide Bazi... The day in Lijiang is the need to be so leisurely. The thought of such a beautiful day is not a heartbeat.
[with the help of children's increased movement] sports can make people grow taller, but it is not any exercise can make people grow taller: 1, is conducive to long high sports: volleyball, basketball, football, ballet, aerobics, stretching, skipping, jogging. 2, is not conducive to long high movement: weight lifting, weight training, excessive exercise, consumption of large sports (marathon, etc.).
In the world has two kinds of men, some sort of a man and you handle Xielao, people only know to have sex with you, and you go to the man is not worth a red cent. "Desire city"
Perfume 18-25 years old girl with 1, TOUSTOUCH kiss peach silk of bear female fragrance; 2, Harajukulovers Harajuku lovers; 3, Givenchy bear blue baby; 4, DavidoffCoolWater Davidoff cool water; 5, Annasui Sui; 6, Guerlain Guerlain LOVEISALL; 7, MarcJ
Bunker! Customers can also become the art to the world never lacks in good taste, all kinds of wonderful songs... Could not help but listen to!!!
To let go, not to let go of others, but to let go.
[ask why because the child in the low grade strong ability to imitate, often modeled teachers answer questions to answer some of the current operation, and can ensure the correct rate, but as for why to do, often only vaguely. The parents asked why they do this, they can help understand the reason to do so, to deepen the understanding of knowledge;
If time can turn the clock back, I can go back along the way before. Time is like the sand in the hand, grasp the more tight, the loss of the more, the rest of that point will only hurt your palm, as life.
Remember the 09 years of the "riffraff hero"? It came back again! Film version of "riffraff hero first song: Total War" debut trailer before exposure; Chao played violent criminal "Wu Yingxiong" show good skill, staged coaster, blasting, shooting the action scenes and more suicidal than the version of the drama!
[to judge their no "office hip"] prone on the bed, tilt legs, keep this leg's knee bent at a right angle, and the soles of the feet toward the ceiling, and muscle contraction force on the bottom, slowly will be lifting the legs off the bed of about 12 cm, and remain motionless. If you can hold it for 30 seconds, and only feel that the hip muscles tense, that your hips muscle function is normal; otherwise, there is a problem!
We are trying to learn how to succeed in a 100 meters sprint, but there is no one teaches us: when you fall, or how to be treated with dignity; your knee broken badly mutilated, how clean the wound, how to dress; you a head planted, how to treat heart bleeding wounds.
[God cars ang Kewei push 1.5T] a few days ago, according to the latest news, Buick ang Kewei will launch 1.5T version, and only the precursor models, is expected to be listed in 2015. Buick ang Kewei 1.5T models will be equipped with a 1.5T engine, despite the expected data will some of the higher Bixinkeluzi 1.4T, but face ang Kewei so a medium-sized SUV, and let people can not help but worry will not appear in the "small
You want to do it......
[male god in imitation of Beyonce "grass root Countdown"] God synchronization, to kneel, even the actors are the same...... The grass root of another song inspirational songs!
[funny] strong makeup artist to create a terrorist attack on the streets of New York scared passers-by too funny, ha ha
Dunk master remake thirty-seventh words first episode ikebana
A pair of men and women watching movies. My boyfriend saw the beautiful heroine in the movie, they can not help exclaim: "what beautiful actress!" Girlfriend also immediately issued a sigh: "the handsome actor!" With each other, each one, two people actually speak with cried: "God, what an ugly audience!"
To get out of the work environment and self small circle, and make friends. Good interpersonal skills are good for mental health and career success. Mental workers should be willing to communicate with each other in the communication to understand and express the feelings of the exchange of ideas, both to the people, but also to accept their own.
German designer Sam brought a special forces watches, standby state, the surface is dark, press the button, began to show cool with polar coordinates scan animation, then three represents the hour, minute and second hand dots displayed and last for a few seconds, so you can read the current time. In addition, the dial can be displayed in three different ways: radar (green), sonar (blue), life scanning (red).
Seven people's magic to: second words space and the king of the public prosecutor
Maple leaf logo wallpaper has a strong visual impact, cleverly avoid monotony of stairs, give a person a proximity to nature of illusion, worthy of praise!
Hilarious: in those years, Jeremy Lin met the young 2B. Jeremy Lin said the first sentence for me to smile! "A lot of young people want to come to NBA, but it's not a good game, and they have more 2B thought they could get into the NBA to get to a very good girl.
[DIY] 1 tomato mushroom Tricholoma with saline soak 5 minutes after the wash. 2 the mushroom boil into boiling water. After the fish cooked (2 minutes). Pour the olive oil in the pot after 3 hot burning five saruconghua stir incense. Add tomato sauce. 4 stir after adding a spoonful of sugar and a half tablespoon soy sauce. 5 add a teaspoon of vinegar and stir well. 6 pour the cooked mushroom and stir evenly the fire with dry marinade can be.
Reynolds cool special police
Attack you, fuck you ah, you usually call the old bully me!
Sorry, this microblogging has been deleted. View help: http://t.cn/8sYl7Qb
[Yantai Yantai good voting has nearly 2 million each name are shining bright] in life, they just a group of ordinary people, or bears the burden of responsibility as a filial duty, or conscientiously adhere to the ordinary post. In the spirit, they have interpreted the ideological level of the civilized city of Yantai, the interpretation of the city of Yantai, the love of the city's character content. 50 "Yantai good" candidate, is the civilization of the city of Yantai city of love
The Buick lucerne Buick lucerne supporting use by using the magnetic fluid and the active suspension system "magnetic ide control (magnetic ride control system) and sideslip prevention device" stabilitrak collocation vehicle stability system, improve the ride comfort and stability.
We are not smart people, only simple and simple living, sometimes, heart not too big, let yourself be good; sometimes, heart not too small, let others be good. Sometimes, heart not too hot, warm oneself is good; sometimes, heart not too cold, warm others is good.
Master bedroom bathroom is very small, there are wet partition, use the glass door to increase lighting.
With the typical color of the southeast bedroom can not so red, the purity of life is the kernel of Buddhist kingdom.
If that day, did not see you, I think I will not be so sad, so sad, will not be in tears. But if I had not met you, I would never have known such a happy, happy, sweet, sweet feeling. Are you all right now? I'm in love with the sky. "Love"
[V Chinese United NetEase push new Diva "war tone"! Lezheng Ling will debut in Japan Yamaha VOCALOID source], Shanghai Wo read and NetEase xhasole held strategic cooperation conference in Beijing. Announced during the first test, and Lezheng Ling and war tone Lorra source will the dust has settled, the venue also the seiyuu of Diva source selection activities!
[new car running in about 2000 kilometers] running high speed is a good way to run, but the speed should be controlled at 80 km / h. Because the car in the running in period, the need to run between the various parts, do not speed or slam the brakes, will accelerate the wear of parts in the car. Owners to drive the action should be gentle, try to maintain a constant speed so that the parts get the best running condition, can play to
Lan Haixing, French Polynesia, Tahiti Island, crystal clear water, clean beauty.
[insights on life] Mr. Marshall at the age of 109, before his death, let the son in his epitaph writing such a word: & quot; dear Linda, if possible, I must be willing to again for you to get up early in 1989. Because no one can replace you in my life (location of the hit... & quot; friends, take good care of your wife, leaving a little time to his wife, don't ignore her do for you
What is the biggest difference between electricity and lightning?
[Wuxi Huishan ancient town] Wuxi Huishan ancient town at the northeast slope foot of Wuxi City West, Xishan, Huishan, Xishan ancestors pier facilities sites. Its unique geographical location, beautiful natural environment, ancient ancestral temple dense group distribution features, Wuxi old neighborhood style preserve intact only blocks. June 2006, approved by the State Council, the ancient town of Huishan ancestral hall group announced a national key cultural relics protection units. Have been included in the world cultural heritage.
Beijing development and livelihood index for 12 consecutive years ranked first in the country, although economic growth has slowed, but the development of Beijing and the people's livelihood index is still ahead of the country. Yesterday, the China Institute of statistics published in 2011, the regional development and livelihood index (DLI) report, Beijing in the first place in the 87.93% row. Beijing in the past 12 years, the index has continued to lead the country.
[postpartum mother sat confinement effects of the recipe: yam bean soup] elimination of edema and promote blood circulation, yam 200 grams, 30 grams of red bean, brown sugar, 2 tablespoons: yam cut into small pieces. Red beans soaked in water for 4 hours, picked up. 2 and 4 cups of red beans into the pot, with the fire boil, turn a small fire boil for 5 minutes, 30 minutes flameout stew. 3 turn the fire to boil with yam, turn a small fire continued for 5 minutes, turn off, simmer for 10 minutes. 4
Life is a kind of bearing, a kind of pressure, let us in the load of the forward, in the push ahead.
[Holland] car port city of Rotterdam shot matt black Lamborghini Gallardo LP570-4 Superleggera cosmetic contact lenses, the temptation ah!
[in the history of China top ten liquor administration] 1. Tang drink in the Pat Sin Changan reception; 2. At the beginning of the Chinese banquet; 3. Three plum wine heroes; 4. Three Jiangdong majestic; 5. Qing Emperor Qianlong 1000 gentleman feast; 6. The Northern Song Dynasty cup wine Bingquan release; 7. The Eastern Jin Dynasty of the new pavilion; 8. In the Western Jin Dynasty Dukang wine drunk Liuling. 9. Tang Drunken Beauty;. Tang drunk call the golden bough.
You are born of cucumber, owe beat; the day after tomorrow to you is a walnut, owe beat. "Break up contract"
She is her maid, she had saved, just want to. For she did not pay attention to the superior, a little girl. She was forced by the family, to marry a man about fifty years of age, she would not want to commit suicide. Finally she married her in the past. -- a kindness, I would like to also follow.
Spider man 's silk!
The devil is a hot model of the car inside the lace temptation
Oh I drop OMG, before you are swollen play cut fruit? There are weak burst, let you have a look the other function of cut fruit, cock
[daily advertising] strong water absorbent cloth advertising, we read it?
[] to beat the Soviet Union's Zhukov life no defeat, from the battle of Moscow to conquer Berlin, exploits. The popular high power main shock, crowding. Stalin once said to Zhukov, "Khrushchev is not worthy of praise. It is said that before each battle, he always made such an action: take a handful of dirt, smell, and then say -- we can start to attack, or that the battle of the original plan can not be carried out.
No matter what you do, believe yourself, don't let the other people say a word.
Let the baby fall in love with the clever strategy of kindergarten, some children just kindergarten, parents have a strong dependence on, which led them to do not want to go to kindergarten, every time I want to go to kindergarten is crying, in fact, want to let the children in the kindergarten happy, parents can use some small strategy, rather than common mistakes. Now look at some of the strategies that teach you in the picture.
[the continuation of large displacement dynamic dodge a new generation Viper SRT spy photos exposure] American car in people's minds, is a very personality of muscular appearance, the most outstanding representative of the to number Chevrolet Comay Luo, Dodge Ram and the Ford Mustang, but in addition and a model of the renowned sea inside and outside, it is the dodge viper. Recently a new generation of vipers (Viper) SRT spy in overseas exposure, and will be in 2013
Ten years later, the lotus cliff. "This is where you put her." "En." "Here, you tell you love me." "En." "You finally told me, so what?" "En." He gently push, put back under the lotus cliff. "I", revenge for you."
[the blanket electromagnetic field really harmful to fetal health? Use an electric blanket] is not recommended for pregnant women, but not because of the electromagnetic field, but because of the temperature. There is no evidence that the electromagnetic field will cause any harm to the fetus. But there is evidence that pregnant women in early pregnancy for a few days in a row over 38.9 degrees Celsius, may cause the baby's nerve tube defects. Therefore, pregnant women should avoid hot springs hot.
Matcha cookie mix 1. Matcha tea powder and icing sugar 2. Add the softened at room temperature butter sent. One by one, add egg yolk mix well and sieve into the flour mix until no powder, placed in the refrigerator for half an hour. Remove the roll into ca. 1.3 cm thick. On the wafer and then die cutting circular cross cutting ~ out similar leaf like the 6. Surface coated with sugar and bake at the preheated good 175 DEG C oven unload roast 10-1
[language] 1. Remember, no matter what, you need to give yourself a clear bottom line, because a lot of times when some people he will be one point one points to wear your bottom line, when you do not have the bottom line, you are completely controlled by others. 2 if you see the shadow in front, do not be afraid, it is because the sun behind you. 3 like a person, is, you make me feel, meet you, is a blessing.
[the zodiac who most 2B] (Pisces) champion, runner up (Aries), third (Gemini), the four (Libra), the five (Aquarius), the six (LEO), the seven (Taurus), the eight (cancer), ninth (Virgo), the ten (Capricorn), 11 patients (Scorpio), the twelve (Sagittarius).
[neck grain appease method] strengthen anti-aging, heal the early years marks the neck skin natural barrier function is weak, so it is more easily disturbed by oxidation and glycosylation of skin aging factors. 30+ light mature skin care in the intensive moisturizing while also working on the old, to maintain the flexibility and resilience of the neck skin, while ensuring the quality of the skin of the underlying collagen and elastic fiber.
Takuya Kimura starred in the movie "PIECE ONE," a fan of the one piece of the pirates, said he was not an egg.
Millions of purple creature curled up into a ball in Hawaii coast, so here's the beach visitors feel confused. The identity of these strange animal the size of a pea also makes the marine biologist bemused. They had never seen similar creatures. They are out of order in Honolulu along the beach on the island of oahu.
In late spring and early summer the weather warms up quickly, in the face of the coming of the hot season, we should acquire some can make the line of sight cool cold furniture materials, such as emphasis on home sense lines, wrought iron, refreshing visual glass ornaments and so on. Keep spring green in color tone at the same time, the use of smoke powder, light blue to cool summer cool colors.
The mistakes of the past and press on to the greater achievements of the future. Forget to forgive their past mistakes, to the future you will get more achievements.
Understand the wrong!
[Taiwan nine Taiwan nine in Rueifang District, New Taipei City, Taiwan, Lin Shan, near the sea, and Keelung distantly faces; the whole town is located on the hillside, and therefore the formation of unique slopes and ladder type of landscape architecture. Qing Yu peaked "Jilongshan" and open the blue bay beach. "Spring cherry blossom, Xia Qingfeng, autumn flowers, winter cloud" for the nine beautiful and changeable, the best portrayal of the four seasons!
[car travel six taboo] and to the eleven long holiday, self driving travel is many car family leisure projects, this year's eleven long holiday and abolition of the highway toll, presumably a lot of ready to start planning a trip. But in the travel before and on the road, we must check the vehicle, and to do the safe driving. Today, the small series on the collection of the six major driving trips, I hope to help you.
[wild racing 7: speed heat] in the prestigious asphalt series the newest, fastest, the most eye-catching new, feel the hot thermal velocity. Driving 60 luxury cars from the famous manufacturers, such as Audi, Martin Aston, and so on, challenge the world. Across the globe, a total of 150 games, from Paris to Rio, a total of 6 game modes, and there are 6 local and online multiplayer support
Are not alone. For sure there is a person in this world in, an effort to come to your side. You you are not alone. Because, there must be a person in this world, in an effort to come to your side.
[test Lamborghini Gallardo Superleggera] today's test car called the Lamborghini Gallardo lp570-4 Superleggera, it is the Lamborghini Gallardo Series A, is we often say that the "calf", and in order to enrich the product line, Lamborghini launched a is not the same version of the Gallardo.
[ancient most cattle "gunmen": Wen a training 8] now, large before the examination, examiners will mysterious disappearance ", until the end of the examination to" restore freedom. " This is done to prevent leakage of exam. And today, the examiner is responsible for designing the ancient "focus on the protection of". Nevertheless, the candidates still can rack one's brains to through a variety of ways and the examiner on the gas!
White T - shirt with sporty pants, blue and white collocation refreshing white T - shirt with sporty pants, blue and white collocation refreshing and pleasant, travel and leisure good dress.
All over the rainbow, who will be in the future, and so on.
Sorry, this microblogging has been deleted. View help: http://t.cn/8sYl7Qb
Each kind of trauma is a mature, when you are in a difficult situation when you are in trouble, who will not hesitate to lend a helping hand to you, who will not hesitate to wait for you at all costs. At this time, you will understand, the world changes, you will know, the fickleness of the world. Affection, friendship at this time, it became a boost in your heart.
God is the original reproduction of rivers and lakes, he took Hsu Chi.
"Cang boundless horizon road is you wandering, searching often defends is my footsteps, Guzhen dark side is your gentle, when you wake up in the morning is my sorrow..." - Luo "love song of 1990"
[Bacon] 1 rice wash and dry braising potatoes, peeled and diced potatoes soaked in water. 2 Bacon, pumpkin, Huw Rob Che Reab. 3 pour olive oil into the wok and stir fry until fragrant, Bacon, potatoes and fry for a while. 4 with pumpkin and carrots fried chicken, add soy sauce, stir fry off the fire. 5 rice and stir fried food into the rice cooker, add water, cook for about 20 minutes, according to the key to open the cover, Linru sesame oil and stir well.
Editor comments: the color of the wall and cabinet doors were choose orange, including sheets, carpet is yellow, white and orange. Warm colors of a large number of use, so that the space is full of warmth, small space can also be full of warmth and comfort.
Boiled cabbage belongs to the Cantonese cuisine. The main ingredient is Guangdong Chinese cabbage, the main cooking process is boiled. The cabbage root end into the boiling water, to be the root end become dark green the cabbage all water burning 1 min Sheng, burning cabbage water drained to oyster sauce into the pot boil, pour garlic boil again, off the fire, put oyster sauce in flowering Chinese cabbage can be.
Sometimes, count your luck, just to be able to meet their favorite object, and the other side is also very much like you, it is fate. But more often, or you have a crush on each other and the other side is not necessarily able to accept you; or the other side like you are not willing to; or you like her, she likes you but the conditions are not allowed.
Camera manufacturers lytro recently released a first light field (light field camera, take pictures with the camera simultaneously to capture the entire background light field, users can after taking pictures in the photo to randomly change the focus and is capable of reducing the depth of field, to get the perfect photo effects.
Uncle, uncle, I reverse it, you help me to look at, if you tell me, thank you. Fall, fall, fall...... (bang...... )...... Well, hit it "
The Japanese entertainment program, the host of the small pants good sexy Oh, too crazy! Under the stage of the woman high turned!
Dandelion flower is said to be can't stop love, in such a fast-paced society, we always avoid with a somewhat impetuous, who can withstand years of waiting, who can for whom to retain the original love, three years ago, he to her confession, he said she would wait for her, later one day, she saw photos of his girlfriend and happy, and she is also the end of the heart that a shallow fluke
The bare circuit to highlight the design style, and the table of the recording machine, constantly chanting cultural tunes.
Choose the size of a mirror to combine collocation to decorate the wall, in the arrangement of the time there is no fixed pattern. Small area of the decoration can be mediocre wall becomes three-dimensional and personality, such a simple and not make public, but it is full of artistic style.
[apple Music Beats music application for iTunes Music Festival warm-up] in order to get more users from the parent company, Music Beats music application launched a new promotional activities, continue to warm for iTunes music festival. Music GoWithMe's Beats contest offers two tickets to 25 users in the United States, in addition to a London machine.
This is my lunch today, do you?
The wooden floor is suitable for the right shoes left lying love lying.
A purpose to life's events to, teach you how to laugh more or not to cry too There's hard. life, there is always a purpose, it may be that we learn more happy, or cry less.
[this car new version of the 2013 style GTR R35 Track Pack version] modified to increase the NT $50 million, as the only increased the 100 km accelerated from the previous 2.8 seconds to advance to the 2.7 seconds.
[is false! Hungry! Eat it up and eat it! Is false! ] see on TV advertising a Snickers my old blood every day.. [
[- Cheng Jin culture tourism, tourism in Harbin Acheng Jinyuan cultural tourism zone, located in Acheng City 2 kilometers south, is a national key cultural relics protection units and between 1115 to 1234 capitals in the Jin Dynasty, has hitherto preserved relatively intact only of Jin Dynasty capital left the site. So far, imperial Meridian Gate and palace ruins, are well preserved. The outer walls, urn, filefish, turrets and a moat site surviving.
Not happy people have sadness, like bamboo to blossom withered, fold, and four are total bud and leaves of the season. Just I put the sadness in the bottom of my heart, others can not see the day, the light to remember, and then light to forget. Plain days most true.
Our life is too crowded, interfere with each other, each other thing, so I think we have each other, is the lack of respect. -- Walden
[cervical vertebra disease patient three attention] proper position. The correct sitting at home, don't lie on the couch and watch TV, play mobile phone curled up in bed. Appropriate exercise. The best breaststroke swimming. After one hour stand up and move around, that stretched his neck upward, back shoulder. Suitable pillow. The height of the pillow should pay attention to, supine sleep pillow height should be equivalent to set up fists height, and side lying pillow height should be equal to the fist half height.
Confidence comes from a hint of success, and low self-esteem comes from failure. If you have confidence, it will release energy, promote your success, and if you feel inferior or fear, it will release energy, which will lead you to failure. Successful people will be more confident because of the experience of success, the failure of the people will be more than the pain of suffering and the pain of failure.
The car is strong, overbearing! Spike all convertible! ~
WGT2014 A WGT World Tournament WGT (Gamemaster), the group is the world's top electronic competitive event hosted by ASUS. The first official war in 2006. 07 years, Intel and Microsoft to join, has gone through six years of glory. As the world's top
The male version of Angie Chiu singing "White Snake" Li Yugang weak burst
[your system remains a magic weapon is what? ] this summer, you are "left"? Everyone has their own advantages, do you know what is your key to snatch a victory out of defeat it? Look, see. (test).
It was a gray, ah ah ah ah ah ah ah!! See the scene which is dreadful to one's mind Apple's killer! 4S iPhone was crushed in the blender!! Batteries will not explode?
[beautiful health guide] 1. Snow-white skin: eat tomatoes, grapes, citrus, melon, onion, garlic, apples, pears; 2. Smooth skin: egg yolk, milk, carrots, nuts; 3. UFA: eat more lean meat, fish, seaweed, walnut, sesame, corn and green vegetables; 4. The glossy black eyes, eat more fresh vegetables, fruit; 5. Long a: eat dried small shrimps, egg yolk; 6. Smart: eat more foods containing iodine. Balanced nutrition
I miss my childhood. I have no responsibility, no broken heart, no pain.
Put down all, every choice is a lot of time there will be a reason, but not to choose is the choice, because only one reason is because of your choice. When the heart feels the decision that can not change and can not be expected to seriously, it is should be put down, because they can give themselves the opportunity to face, but also to see their own not let yourself down, respect for the respect of all, and then seriously put down, let go
[Yu Zheng Zhang Jizhong: vulgar is the mainstream? ] is also a remake, director Zhang Jizhong to writers in the positive but have something to say: I Remake in (Jin Yong) of his novels, he had are not satisfied with the place, but certainly some change and innovation. More directed at the new swordsman "is Hu Kan: is simply a lack of respect for Mr. Jin Yong, then can be compiled, to write a good.
[what of pregnant women do more outdoor exercise the following benefits] 1, outdoor activities can reduce early pregnancy "morning sickness" symptoms; 2, sunshine, fresh air and moderate physical activity are help to the health of pregnant women and their fetuses; 3, increasing physical and enhance endurance, muscle production training to use, makes the production process quickly and smoothly.
Man is the need to have compassion, in whatever circumstances as far as possible for others to do things, even if the trivial things, but also the embodiment of the value of life. A man of compassion is the top grade, he must be kind-hearted, caring people, everything with humility, like a gentleman.
Changsha South Changsha city! Depth of up to half a meter road traffic jam a coerced the mud flowing suddenly from the roadside alley flock Road, 10 minutes, Changsha new railway bridge laying into a Zeguo. At noon today 12:00, Changsha, eight water a water main burst, a flood destroyed walls submerged to the main road, lead to College Road, opened a new shop along the congestion, most of the residents of the South stop
The best way to deal with at home, toss meow star people -- is to give them a small box.
[psychological reminder] what is growth? That is a measure of your heart. You can feel your growth, your heart know you will grow why look, as if a grain of seed, no need guidance, grow into a tall oak tree. Everyone in the world can grow up to be the best of their own.
Hangzhou car wash employees guests Toyota rush to the road Lianzhuang five car] car after car wash owners themselves out to eat breakfast. Can be when the owner came back, startled, the car has been knocked recognition -- had to wash car staff opened the car owners. The results somehow rushed to the street. Traffic police in September 12 identified the accident, car wash employees responsible for the full responsibility of the accident.
When we fall in love with a person, not what the humble, as long as it is not Bitchy, your love will have in the future. Bitchy is not what, as long as two people are Bitchy, still have a future. If a person is Bitchy, another one Bitchy, unilateral Bitchy no future.
Yin Zhongxin, Korean film and television actor, singer, songwriter. Now more popular Korean variety famous MC. His song is simple and simple, but with the sentimental lyrics and fantasy like melody, for people left a lot of life can not be missing. -- Yin Zhongxin's "Schedule No"
[the Buddha's palm dune] of the Brahmaputra and Niyang junction, Niyang River bypass tracts of shoal and bushes here into the Yarlung Zangbo River, river the azure, green river, river intersect each other, forming a unique confluence of scenery. Jiangbei is a huge sand dunes, sand and water reflection rotation 90 degree viewing, resembles a double folded the Buddha's palm, the sand hills, and was known as "Buddha's palm dune.
Naga Ko, whether Europe or Japan and South Korea are the wind wind hot single product.
Don't wait for the fall, to remember the advice. Don't wait for pain, to believe in prayer.
The beauty of potatoes, potatoes have a very good care of the skin, the effectiveness of the maintenance of the face. Fresh potato juice directly coated on the face, whitening effect is very significant. Skin sunburn, tanning, potato juice on the removal of stain effect, no side effect. Will be cooked potato chips, paste in the eyes, can reduce the swelling of the lower eyelid; apply to the face, beauty care, reduce wrinkles. Acne, acne, use cotton with fresh potato juice daub.
[mother's advantage] mother is more sensitive to more love, care for boys are more careful, mothers were more adept at verbal communication and exchanges. And the psychological characteristics that the mother is good at, the father of the lack of, it is the boy growing up in the process. Mother's sensitivity, love and care, the boy's survival and healthy growth is critical, because the boy was born more vulnerable, in the process of growth in the process of facing more risk factors.
[parents of the five levels] the first level: willing to give children money. Second levels: willing to spend time for children. Third levels: parents start thinking about the goal of education. Fourth levels: parents to educate their children and improve their own. Fifth levels: parents do their best to encourage children to become the best of their own, but also set an example to support their children become a real.
Don't try to guess what others think, if you don't have the right judgment on the wisdom and experience, there is usually a mistake.
&quot; husband, I can't sleep, tell me a story." Husband: "well. Long, long ago, there was a young man who studied in the medical school, and one year, he took part in the examination of the practicing doctors. He has taken an examination of physiology, biochemistry, pathology, pharmacology, immunology, microbiology, prevention, statistics, disease, health law, psychology, ethics, Department of internal medicine......" Not finished, his wife fell asleep. (turn) good night! ~
"I want to eat chocolate" she acts like a spoiled brat command to. "Well, the fat death you spoil him listen to her command," I want candy, "she continues to be so. He is listening to you proceed without hesitation, "I don't see my point, fat! The girl looked at the way of "weight" so gnash the teeth in anger, but better, I can't love you in.
"There is no end in sight to the city", the singer from China good voice out of the peace, has been are sunny and healthy image of the show, resounding voice sounds of nature, good interpretation difficult songs and tender love songs, known as the music of the big warm man. And overwhelmed joined Ping film "secret Elmira", to tie in with the theme of agent action movie, changed the tenderness of the genre, the challenges of rock music and he said also very excited.
[the mermaid and hook "TV animation decision] before there is news to animated funny comic" Merfolk and hook ". Now officially open in April to start the animation, and the production of Staff.
Scientists in the United States invented the &quot; &quot; the eye of the mind, can predict the behavior of the crime a few days ago, the United States Carnegie Mellon University scientists demonstrated the latest name for the eye of the mind, you can replace the airport, parking and other specific locations to monitor the television, predict the crime.
[health journey ZiJiaYou] with the improvement of people's living standard, more and more car owners, the holidays and weekends, driving his own car with friends or family, outing or travel has become a kind of fashion and fun, both relaxed mood, and enjoy the beauty of nature and beautiful scenery.
Honey + vinegar [] honey and vinegar 1 to 2 tablespoons, warm boiling water, daily 2 ~ 3 times, taking time. Insist for a long time, can make the rough skin tender and moist.
[the new romantic era "Massachusetts Male King Yang love returned to the television series the new romantic era" in Jiangsu, Oriental TV prime time hit. Throughout the whole story of Yao flute boyfriend yesterday finally appeared, he by the shoulders of friends is with the company's artist Wang Yang made a cameo appearance. Wang Yang in the play not only Yao flute give up good abroad and returned, and shoulders launched a a field full of smell of gunpowder in the defense of love.
In the workplace, it is you that fool me once, it's me two times, it's me. Each person will experience being cheated or failed, we should take this experience as a lesson, to avoid making the same mistake again.
Every day across the road, the update of course, more than just a few characters so simple, in the game's level will be decorated with many Chinese elements: for example, when the vehicle from time to time to put a fireworks, large red paper lanterns will slowly float to the air, along with many Chinese theme decoration, like exposure to the festive spring festival.
From the depths of the forest, the wind blowing, and walked through the wilderness, rocking stands of elm trees, through the wind, the wind blowing through the trees, that is the corridor of the wind, from the depths of the forest, the wind blowing, with the invisible hand, stroking the wheat, through the wind, your hair, quietly blowing chaos, travel in the distant land of wind, sent to walk the walk alone. You to road signs. Hisaishi - "the path of the wind"
He looked at the squat roadside tease wildcat wife, think of the same love small animal ex girlfriend. The former girlfriend of a pet cat named millet, he is just love University object name. The last Q chat, millet said she was a nurse, but also remember that his high school love has been the same dream. The beginning of love to write the diary with a pencil, he often borrowed her eraser with. Send him the eraser is his primary school... Well, that's not his wife.
[parturient diet note] labor when the maternal intake of high energy easy to digest food, such as milk, chocolate, sugar and their favorite food, if really too tight because of the contraction of the uterus, can not eat very uncomfortable, through input glucose, vitamins to supplement energy. Especially in the hot summer, when the sweat labor, don't take food, drink water more easily lead to dehydration conditions.
Super cute baby funny dance show, too cute, you are not also want to dance with him ah?! The baby is always happy!
Love this piece of the sea, the original ecological beauty of the fishing village, has been waiting for the encounter with you! POPOLI November is about to open the beach bar, evening and friends together, drink a toast, sharing this beauty, make you to be away from the city hustle and bustle, spend an unforgettable vacation!
I'm sorry, this microblogging has been deleted by the author. View help: http://t.cn/zWSudZc
# Wikipedia - for #
I'm sorry, this microblogging has been deleted by the author. View help: http://t.cn/zWSudZc
I'm sorry, this microblogging has been deleted by the author. View help: http://t.cn/zWSudZc
I'm sorry, this microblogging has been deleted by the author. View help: http://t.cn/zWSudZc
It can drag _, buy an electric brain now only play games watch TV to do hair business.
I'm sorry, this microblogging has been deleted by the author. View help: http://t.cn/zWSudZc
# sharp makeup beauty share #
All right... It's a fine day! There are happy together, there is a sentimental separation, a profound experience to & quot; small & quot; the word weight and responsibility, @ the Old NY
Sorry, this microblogging has been deleted. View help: http://t.cn/8sYl7Qb
The old man's wishes, nothing more than to see the child side. I can do things for the elderly, is to take their appearance, so that those who go out to work their children think of the home of the elderly, often go home to see them. I need to give advice and suggestions more experiencedpartner, help me forward micro-blog @ first-class curator
Happy Valley # plus micro channel gift to send non-stop #
# Le Phone K860 ten # Carnival
Still using 114? The telephone number for notes also act with confusion? Is still worried about the mobile phone super traffic and reluctant to access the Internet? Hard to force the micro Bo control they are very tangled phone no signal, the traffic is not much, but the urgent need to query number. Table with awesome number through the ~ ~ [] [Applause] here. Select your city version, not the Internet can also check Oh, fuck everything: http://t.cn/zlbOz65 APP[] mighty powder
