The facts tell us there is such a friend, do not go to the bathroom in the ice
Super MOE, only to see no touch yo ~
Boy will make you think he loves you but, he really doesn't. A girl will make you think she doesn't love you A when, she really does. many times
Leadership and executive power difference between 1, leadership is the influence, the executive power is the result. 2, the emphasis on personal charm, the executive power of personal perseverance. 3, the emphasis on accuracy, the first shot after shot. Executive power stress speed, after the first shot. 4, leadership is the ability to let others volunteer to obey, the executive power is the ability to let others do not want to obey. 5, no executive power.
How to be a good father [] is a stalwart. Two is to be learned. Three is humor. Four is to have a sense of responsibility. Five is to have a career and ambition. Six is to be optimistic open-minded. In short, the responsibility of the father of the child's education is significant. Father has good quality, habits. With knowledge and knowledge, the attitude of life is indispensable to education.
[red] red nose nose suddenly? Your liver is overloaded! Excessive alcohol consumption, body to break down alcohol, the blood retention in the liver, resulting in the dilation of blood vessels, just to let you have the red nose, so the control of alcohol consumption is very important.
[to prevent the baby calcium deficiency, "math" law of add, eat more calcium rich foods: milk products, nuts, seafood and so on; anti - vitamin D can not be added too much: vitamin D has a biological activity, can promote calcium absorption, but added the excess will be poisoned; take - sun can help calcium; in addition to scientific edible inhibit calcium absorption of food: spinach, bamboo shoots, onions and other contain oxalates, before cooking should be first in boiling water blanched.
Clever boss.
"Oriental Project" Scarlet sisters COS.
[the baby anemia and effective therapeutic method] anemia is a common disease of children, mostly caused by malnutrition, anemia can appear pale or sallow complexion, fatigue, resistance low symptoms. Long term anemia can affect heart function and intellectual development. Treatment of anemia and effective therapeutic methods: jujube peanut soup, sesame porridge, pork liver soup, pork liver burn soy beans, pigskin jujube soup, spinach porridge, chicken soup, eight kinds of congee, angelica mutton soup
[children ride 9 don't] 1. Don't let the children sit copilot; 2. Don't holding a child, infant safety seat 3. Don't let the children out of the sunroof; 4. Don't let the children in the back enjoy playing; 5. Don't put the children alone in the car; 6. Don't let the car around the toys; 7. Don't drive in funny kids play; 8. Don't let the children themselves on and off; 9. Don't play window.
Too hard! High school student Norman Jacob riding a buckle is too cruel, the poor defensive players, it is too sad reminder!
The king sledgehammer is the only tomb school students, and aunt. Many Italian girl young suave, he have to they pick the stars the moon contracting ponds, who knows every section of feelings are aunt relentless interrupted, let him from initiation meaning. Who can have the thought of leaving, but never thought..
In fact, Libra people are very low-key, as long as a pair of parents, a few bosom friends, a love and love his person is enough. Only with the destruction of the only feelings, if the feelings of frustration, it might really ruin him, he may want to be free and hope that he is trying to create a belong to their own and is always the castle. If you really can, Libra is willing to live in a lifetime, and then not out.
Is short live, it.Love is rare grab, it.Anger is bad dump, it.Fear is awful face, it.Memories are sweet Life, it. cherish life is short, live out it. True love is rare
[is no longer special purchases for the Spring Festival! Official confirmation of the need for speed 19 "will be in 2015 available like racing game players must know EA's to create the" need for speed "series, and the series has been known for series of special purchases for the Spring Festival, because the one film a year never fail. But the title of special purchases for the Spring Festival seems to be picked, because the ghost Games officially confirmed this year will not be introduced "need for speed" series of new, new in
Celery porridge] [1. Leftover rice bowl, celery washed chopped. Recut ginger end, no more, two or three slices of ginger is sufficient and cook porridge program as, after the water is boiled into the rice, beaten, boil turn a small fire and cook until thickened. During the period to pay attention to the mixing, to prevent sticky bottom. 4 into the end of the ginger, celery and continue to cook for 5 minutes, put salt, pepper seasoning can.
[a healthy snack juice] 1, nutrition, fruit and vegetable juice, apples, carrots, spinach and celery juice 2, energy complement: bananas papaya yogurt 3, beauty: fresh fruit juice, kiwi, oranges, 1 lemon green 4, appetite scheduling: grapefruit juice, half a grapefruit, grapes, two spoons of honey 5, recover from fatigue: cucumber juice, 1 cucumber, 1 / 2 liters of milk, 3 pieces of Mint 6, soothe the nerves: wolfberry tea, Chinese wolfberry, jujube 3-4 particle.
[related to eat dark foods and acne acne?] is the essence of black pigment. Squash with the hand, the sun and other bad habits will aggravate acne inflammation, leading to pigmentation, produce a lot of melanin, after eliminating inflammation leave dark pox and India. Soy sauce, edible fungus, although it is black, but they contain pigment belongs to different categories. After the pigment is eaten, will be digested and metabolism for different substances, the human body is used or excreted, and will not be directly transferred
No matter how much you buy, the bastard will mysteriously disappear...... Is there a wood there?
[health] relativistic star couple talk contraception, the passion of the moment with love!
Kimchi cake bacon, spicy cabbage, parsley, green onion all cut into Xiaoding in a bowl, garlic cut into at the end put on standby. Sift the flour into the bowl. Add water and stir until sticky paste. Add egg, stir well. Put the mold into the mold, and drop into the bottom oil in the mould. Spoon the batter fill the mold, stand until golden on both sides can be sung out of food.
Avril "One Piece" sang songs "How You theatre version Remind Me" complete version of the exposure! This cover song on her fiance Chad Kroeger band Nickelback song, super nice!! VV's voice is very good!
You and what kind of boy looks like the most fate? Every girl has a dream, the dream of the prince and the princess of the story. Many vertical health, which will you meet a prince? What does he look like? (test).
So holding a sleeping to have a sense of security
Mano Erina Bikini-From Days Part11 -Black (HD)
On the ground there are two bitter: bitter, no money more bitter.
Life is simple, and people are happy. Want to experience the sea waves, and want to keep the peace. Both want to climb the unlimited scenery in the Xian Feng, want to walk a comfortable flat plain, which is unlikely things.
Dean, Elena version of the video "Domino" fans Psycholagny
Our destiny offers not the cup of despair, but the cup of opportunity. -- Nixon Richard (President Nixon)
[Kia Ferretti turned small K3 years listed / dynamical invariant] new face and appearance design and K3 models are somewhat similar, the headlight shape is more close to the K3 headlight shape and in the exterior mirror design also uses bar type steering lamp design. Therefore, in the design, the new Freddy has turned into a small "K3" models.
Every time after being scolded is finished when lying in bed at night to think of how to answer.
I can do it again, there is no chance of life. Identify your direction, bravely, as long as the time to end this examine oneself, feeling no shame, life drama, will not regret it.
At the time, before the break to feel the cool mood. "The Hawthorn Tree of love" episode "Hawthorn Tree".
Around us, we can really pay attention to you, just so Liao Liao several. So, we do not care about other people's comment, as long as the do their own thing; no need to look at other people's eyes, simply go your own way; do not have too many complaints, that will make your life more tired. Do not have to please others, no matter where you go, don't lose yourself. If you hate me, I don't care, I'm not living to please you.
The experimental results: watermelon, cucumber, pear and carrot juice after four kinds of fruit and vegetable juice, VC content has a different degree of loss, and the loss of VC in Pear and cucumber is the highest, reaching more than 90%, followed by 78%, watermelon, VC content only lost about 20%. In the preservation of freshly squeezed fruit juice, the loss of VC was kept in cold storage.
"From the new world," twenty-first words of fire!
When a boy friend is shorter than himself!
Demonstration of Collocation: wine red corduroy dress + Black + boots + Martin lost long cardigan + wine red hat.
A restaurant with a wide range of simple colors, fashion mirror, paint glass shaped eye-catching style.
[pineapple fried pork with sweet and sour sauce] 1, tenderloin clean cut into Xiaoding; 2, tenderloin transferred amount of salt, chicken, pepper and a little cornstarch grasping uniform marinate, pineapple, cut into small pieces; 3, pot put the oil heat, transferred into a small fire into the fillet fry until golden fish; 4, heat the wok, put water, a bowl, transferred to the tomato sauce and sugar, boil after Linru cornstarch water boil to ropy and then deep fried good tenderloin and pineapple together into. Stir well and serve.
"Ber" sixth "pop music" as the main global adorable "Adorable" wind blows
[grilled saury] 1. Saury to gill wash, be sure to wash several times, 2. Cut knife, fish evenly on salt and lemon juice. Marinate for an hour 3. Aluminum foil greased. Preheat the oven to 190 degrees, 15 minutes to over.
Cute hamster eating peanuts
Stir fried pork liver slices, add white wine, grasping uniform, make a bloody and the inside of the dirty things out, can also smell, liver treatment; then rush clean with clear water; wash the liver join a little rice wine, add starch marinated for 15 minutes; into the oil pan and into the bean sauce fragrant, put fried liver color, add garlic, sauce, a little pepper, turn fried garlic to become soft can out of the pot.
"Dhaka, Ma, Dhaka club Smile Summer" painting appreciation.
[temperament semi tie hair] with the soft of the latest Korean hairstyle, elegant graciousness, very female affinity, with the tie my hair back, a little fresh semi tie hair girls hair, fresh and pleasant, in the sun shine is particularly gentle charming.
Some old Chinese medicine said: Acacia sleepy little, like the heart grow old; flirt solution worry, flower heart practice brain; cheating heart good, the bubble anti-aging. - believe it or not, anyway, I'm a letter.
[your baby simple and healthy 5 step go] 1. To maintain peace of mind. Notice dietetic hygiene. Alert critically ill. 4. Strengthen nutrition: pregnant mother pay attention to balanced nutrition intake. As far as possible to pregnant mothers to provide cereal, eggs, milk, meat, vegetables and other food to enhance parent body resistance, ensure the fetal development. Pay attention to the rest: should be to pregnant women provides a quiet environment for recuperation, to ensure adequate sleep
Simple blue and white striped haihun wind, let you easily incarnation of fashion and gas strong workplace ladies! Tie-in Leather Leggings of cultivate one's morality show thin!
There may be feeling uneasy, afraid of losing worry about personal gains and losses, the feeling of love. It is because of this uncertainty, love is so interesting.
Happened in the past is gone the, best is always yet to come. Whatever no matter what happened in the past, the best ever yet to come.
Chinese painting home although the overall use of the simplicity of the western style, but in the details, full of mysterious Chinese elements: peony red thermos bottle, the profile of teapot, or "defend the bedroom" coloured glaze stone lion......
[Infiniti qx60 hybrid listed for sale 61.8-73.8] Infiniti China announced that Infiniti seven seat SUV models qx60 2.5 liters hybrid version of the model with immediate effect to import in the Chinese market began to sales, a total of 2.5 hybrid qx60 version of excellence, qx60 2.5 hybrid Almighty version of the two models. The price is QX60
A man driving a BMW X6 traffic police, the two brother each spot ah, I laughed down!!
Close to the bus station in Milan, Italy offers a new option for people waiting for the bus! Three minutes, five minutes, ten minutes of size can be selected!
What happens in life, we can not choose, but at least, we can choose how to face. When the mood is not good, just want a person to be quiet, not to comfort, but a person can understand. The only thing in the world is changing, everything, the thought of going to do, never to wait and delay.
[flower asked Liu is the time of self drive travel outdoor activities] self driving tour is a type of self-help tourism, is different from traditional collective CanTuan tourism is a new tourism form. At the same time, with the popularity of the family car, more and more people choose to travel by car.
Pay attention to the sun, the skin dry skin, but also to pay more attention to the work of the sun in winter. Sun protection is not a year of the year, if the winter does not pay attention to skin care, sun, will lead to the lack of skin moisture, the skin is easy to dry, become rough, so that a good job to do a good job oh.
Long journey... When can I see my dear little flower.
[skin common sense] most of the time, skin color dull, not shiny and we are wrong cleaning habits are closely linked, daily cosmetic, if wash and make-up remover patience and carefully enough, swallowed, accumulate over a long period will lead to the accumulation of dust and dirt in the pores, cuticle and thicker, skin loses the sense of transparency, the impact of the absorption of nutrients in the skin care products, the skin will lose the white and tender.
My heart I outline your passion and blessing, presumably, in your eyebrow eye, with a melancholy. But, how can you not go. My smile, only for you. From then on, the warm dependencies... All my efforts, I always escape your emotional catastrophe.
[supplement collagen, accelerate the pox spots fade ten strokes] 1, to ensure that the no longer acne; 2, drink plenty of water; 3, more intake of vitamin C; 4, to maintain adequate sleep; 5, eat less contain additives of food; 6, topical activated cells, accelerate the metabolism of skin care products; 7, the extensive use of moisturizing skin care products; 8, darker eat less food, more exercise; 10, avoid sun exposure, protective isolation cleansing must drop ~
Life has many paths to choose. When you choose to walk, you will meet the person and the scenery on the road. Some people may walk with you, some people stay in place; the person who walk together, also may be in the next intersection with you. What not to lament, it is inevitable. Cherish the people who look at the scenery with you, at the following or far or near a junction, forced to wave.
School supermarket shopping, the checkout is selling sausage, before a girl closing to the two sausage and specially asked to the baked cracked, another female companion staring at the sausage mouth meditation "cock burst"...... So my egg HLL was broken up to the ground.
["Project", very Niubi clips] painting are mainly completed by full scale and tweezers, distinctive.
As in the past, she went to the dessert shop at the corner of the street to eat double skin. She is a regular, and the boss is a good friend. The boss is a young boy, a sense of humor, she has little affection to grow in. Today, she had a taste of the post, but she frowned. It tastes like......" The clerk to praise, "you are really great, it is double boss to do today."
[standing on tiptoe jump let you have a slim leg] action is very simple, is the body upright and straight, hands with running, semi recumbent elbow flexion on both sides of the body calf active force to the heel left the ground, turn over to the ball of the foot off the ground; whereabouts before the soles of the feet touch the ground after a slight pause, don't let the heel touchdown and continue to jump.
"Lost" a moving propaganda film. If you also have a dog, so please try to accompany it, perhaps it is just a part of you, but you are all the life of it...... Don't let yourself get lost in the future.
No one is putting a fart.
1. Instead of letting him do what you think, 2, instead of understanding your mind, 4, rather than making a game with him; 5, instead of being a child; 6, rather than a "boss" of a baby, is better than a friend.
In different time, at different places, language shallow written and you of the picture, the same feeling, the same smile, mood and copy to you the same love. In a word, I love you, the two words, forever. The essence of love is the pursuit of happiness, the added responsibility of love to rise to love. Love is sweet and sour, but love is a bitter. Because of happiness, so together, this is called love.
[Tahiti: the place closest to heaven] Tahiti, also known as Tahiti is the largest island in central wind islands in the South Pacific. Here the four seasons warm as spring, rich. People often have nothing to do looking at the sea beyond meditation, waiting for the sunset dawn. The sun followed the wind in the Pacific. They call themselves "God's people", they call "the most close to heaven".
It's important to talk when you want to be in your heart and you want to be in a mood to be. Can not give up the idea that you have a heart to listen to the people, is certainly able to convey to the. -- "a liter of tears"
For others, the more quickly the more thorough.
[patch, bra, doesn't know the BRA] cover on the head of the yes or no? The German Beate Uhse company will shrink the size, make it really become a blindfold.
[reduce weight will be quit of seven kinds of delicious foods weight loss although not hunger strike, or just eat little, but shouldn't eat or what not to eat Oh, endure, you can become more beautiful. 1, West Point, 3, 2; Deep-Fried Dough Sticks; sausage; 4, sugar 5, roasted sausage; fresh Orange Juice; 6, instant noodles 7, French fries.
"91 centimeters away" (also known as: the spirit of the Division) is a very philosophical film. When one day, you are 150 tons of meteorite hit, found himself and the body more than 91 centimeters of distance, you will be how to let the soul and body again close to it?
[] the police mirror: drink? Ray man: no! Policeman: what wine? Ray man: a glass of beer. Police: beer is wine! Ray man: May I ask the snail is a cow? Police: No. Ray man: Excuse me, is that the oil? Police: No. Ray man: is that a girl? Police: No. Ray man: beer is wine? Police: No. Ray man: it's not just a knot!
From the number of words in the micro Bo nickname, can generally see Bo main character: two words are mostly high cold young artists, the three word is often chatter, pull the Foot Tease than 4 characters of each is Meng Da young beauty, the five word is full of justice and honest man, six word is incompatible with the earth, the weirdo, 7 characters was pretend pure good metamorphosis, more than eight words or eight words, it must be snake disease.
Try to spy movie Pagani C9 road.
T 'it sad when you get hurt so much that Isn you can finally say m to it I used, you say: the habit is not very sad?
No matter how busy their own, taking the time to read a book, write the article. Because doing so can change a man's mind and behavior. A man wants to change his mind first to do is to read a good book, read a book like a good friend, a real friend.
Sweet osmanthus vinegar shrimp. First sweet scented osmanthus, sugar and white vinegar stir pickled; 2. Marinated 1 Tiancheng osmanthus vinegar; 3. Shrimp with salt slightly salted; 4. And then on the pot to rapid fire fried time to sweet scented osmanthus vinegar poured; 5. Dish.
Life is not if, only the consequences and results, the past will not come back, no longer perfect. Life is a journey, care about is the scenery along the way and the mood of the scenery, life is a bumpy road, even if you fall, also want to stick to their dreams.
[almond fruit sago dew] 1. Water to boil sago, stirring constantly, covered with lid simmer 20 minutes; 2. Turn a small fire boiled 10 minutes, Commissioner of the fire sago remove and too cold, stay Shmi temperature dropped to hand temperature can; 3. To a pot of boiling water, add the Sago cook until transparent; 4. Sago control stem into cold water soak stay cool thoroughly remove and soak in Almond in 1 hour, eat when you add your favorite fruit.
Stingy boss.
All human hundred, or light the most beautiful life; see downtown, or really dull.
[PV] Japan 90 girls with this sweet Chan, construct to construct the new single: CANDY CANDY (2012.04.04)
[super] first ranking shit Constellation: leo. Second: virgo. Third: gemini. Fourth: pisces. Fifth: aries. Sixth: cancer. Seventh: taurus. Eighth: libra. Ninth: sagittarius. Tenth: capricorn. Eleventh: aquarius. Twelfth: scorpio. Haha, Leo first oh!
[China Unicom announced on 30 micro channel voca tariff is expected to provide preferential packages] recent foreign research agency said China speeds mean only 1.7mbps. In the world ranked only 96. The news caused great controversy. Statistics show that China's 2M access rate has reached 95.1%, the speed should not have an average of only 1.7Mbps, but our fiber users are still only broadband users accounted for 16.4%, the popularity is true
E 2 Etsu "or" adorable girl is painting.
Sorry, this microblogging has been deleted. View help: http://t.cn/8sYl7Qb
"Lead" also known as "plum plum blossom", "jade Princess" is cited, excellent performance in traditional art China plum. "Magic secret spectrum" is the first song recorded on the Eastern Jin Dynasty played the flute music. After the adaptation of the flute music for the Guqin music, the music performance of the white plum, Ao Xue's noble character. The song by heart, through white, fragrant plum and Hardy characteristics, to have noble moral integrity of song.
[Qingdao Jinlian compression and meat stew left leather manufacturers since the debate, no good cheap goods Qingdao Jinlian food company staff said the meat raw materials are not skin compression, but with a layer of fat duck skin, but due to the compression of meat for the company's low-end products, meat proportion very few. Also did not open the package bag, first from the compressed meat on the back of the transparent packaging on the vaguely similar to the duck skin, meat, the surface of the skin has a obvious bump.
[Cheng Fa said crown wireless niche, because play student love Christine Kuo] recently, third the size of Hong Kong students Bosco, Ron and Raymond have deep and mainland actress gossip, greatly damaged the image of, and access to 2011 as emperor Cheng could not escape the bad luck, was a magazine exposed the Playboy gounv skill than several other niche is without according to the journal report material...
[mystery: the legacy of the mystery doctor "is a science fiction television series produced by BBC broadcasting, and one of the most successful science fiction dramas in history. Tells the story of a time when the Lord used to travel in time, space, and the time of the Lord of the time (Doctor). The update is not only a new ally, the enemy, the ability and the expert model, but also the introduction of a new skill point system (System Perk
[first impression] to Yushan island is the fresh air, people feel fresh. Blue sky, blue sea, the island with more beautiful. According to legend, this is one of the best Chinese fishing ground. The Yu Shan Island is divided into South Yushan and North Yushan, like pillars of Zhenhai stamp made in the boundless expanse of blue water, as well as in Wei blue Haitian entrusted care under a stunning emerald.
I have a special skill to rotate! Why don't you do it? Little friends, do you want to have a try?
[1] soybean oil flavor bean curd roll like fold the quilt as folded into a rectangle, tied with cotton thread. Pan put oil, into the fried beancurd roll until golden brown on both sides, turn off the fire. 2 all the ingredients into the pot, add beancurd roll soaking, 20 minutes over again soak for 20 minutes. After the first global fire, the fire to boil, turn a small fire slowly simmered tasty, finally fire close juice. The cooked bean roll is very soft, be careful of the shovel to the board
Net socks black silk beautiful leg temptation, "death note" MISA Geteluoli low cut COS
"Mao Shan cleaning" many owners are used to clean the dust on the car with a hair brush. This approach looks like a treasure, in fact, it will often cause damage to the car paint. Because the hardness of the body is generally more than the hardness of the car paint, but also often mixed with a lot of small grains of sand. The car, with a duster will dust sand on the surface of the paint will slip, scratch. So, we do not use the feather duster clean body.
I do not know what you are listening to the song ah, just recommend a, feel quite suitable for ease of tension. "Happy" flowers.
[V60] Volvo V60 body size is X 1865mm X 1484mm 4628mm, the wheelbase is 2776mm, than the S60 to a large circle, while a longer wheelbase will also create a more spacious interior space for V60. While V60 is traveling vehicle, but the drag coefficient of only 0.29Cd.
[overlooking the United States nuclear weapons test site: crater scarred as the surface of the moon] the devastation of the scene let a person feel here like the surface of the moon, but in fact here is Nevada desert area, because of nuclear weapons testing for dozens of years, here has been scarred.
["shooting Wolf Woman play eye-catching sisters flower staged to seize husband war] and most war drama identical," Sirius radio, "the story is set in the 1911 Revolution to before the outbreak of the war of resistance against Japan, describing the legend of northwest of a group of people during the Anti Japanese War, but it is because of the characters of & quot; small & quot; only then can resonate with the audience, the audience empathy and play woman show to the audience show war heroine heroine's image.
New Oriental Qi Ying teacher singing songs [wrong people].
Wash the clothes in the end ~ I'm going to
"10 kinds of short living habits" that everyone has committed in life: tenth: drink too much coffee or tea. Ninth: like eating hot food. Eighth: drink too little. Seventh: forced defecation. Sixth: bend down to carry heavy loads. Fifth: continuous use of the computer for more than 3 hours. Fourth: just woke up the bed immediately. Third: toilet newspaper. Second: cross your legs. First name: lack of exercise.
[early education] left a right to correct it? Good with left-handed people, the right hemisphere of the brain is the dominant hemisphere, forced to switch to right-handed left-handed, brain in the dominant hemisphere did not change, intangible aggravated the burden of child brain, easy to in the adjustment of the two hemispheres function cause disorder, appear don't speak clearly, stuttering, writing slow, and even affect the intellectual development, so left-handed does not need to be corrected, along with its nature, its wish.
[the uncivilized behavior of Shenzhen Metro exposure] a pig and a drink and talk loudly woman, this is not your vegetable patch, can not take into account the surrounding passengers, the ears are you two whole tinnitus the.
[super] passers-by encounter the most non compliant wheel cover
Galileo & quot; I could not teach them something, I just teach them to learn to find the & quot;. These words the essence of education. Every child of nature are born with the desire to explore, but adult fastidious actual and efficiency, interaction between children and the nature of the restrictions, suppress the child's nature, intentionally or unintentionally kill of the child to explore the interest and imagination! Bring the child to nature, awaken the desire of knowledge to the depths of his heart!
We as lovely and encouraging things that is painstaking due because, there is no anything to maintain what's eternal. Dedication
"Strawberry marshmallow 04", the story revolves around the four lovely children and a 20 year old female college students start... Is also a part of the daily life portrayed very interesting moving works, the cartoon is full of fashion, some childish behavior, as well as some confused and a little deep philosophy, surprise you...
Cm), the doctor warned her that she had a life risk to her. But brave her, regardless of the doctor's advice, now has three children.
[three] 1 suffer intolerable loneliness mentality, 3S lady narcissism: the old saying to choose the final pick myself. The biggest enemy is the original 3S lady over confident of their. 2, independent woman mentality: economic independence, independent life, to give man too much pressure. 3, Indoorswoman mentality: house no make-up do not dress to sleep at home in a murky sky over a dark earth difficult affair.
There is a simple, fresh, simple and elegant.
If you love me, love can leave, how can I fall in love with you.
The standard answer to the question of my wife. If I am old, will you still love me? Wrong answer A: No, you're old and good-looking. Incorrect answers: B: woman of different ages have different ages of charm...... wrong answer C: all right, you are old I or not see where to go, who zanlia who also don't abandon. Standard answer: I can't you see a little bit older, so it is more safe to put in the home.
Time permitting, mind Cang LAN, rubbed his sore eyes, recover the dull eyes, for living in the present, does not seem to too many choices of power, although it is not like, but still want to choose a reason to insist. No stars of the night, still can feel their trajectory, the disappointment is not the final result, as long as there is hope.
A man always wants to thank the woman who had accompanied him in his twenties. Because the man in his twenties is at the bottom of his life, no money, no business; but his twenty - year-old woman is the most brilliant time in her life.
Let you steal my brother, if you don't run! The bold gray cat! ~
Cao Yunjin, a large inspirational lecture - a Chinese and foreign reporters to ask the wonderful words ~ ~ ~ ~ ~
"Love in December," for the biblical and classical song without mutilated each track is full of ingenuity of the analysis, because these for CD rotation is meaningless, important is, let the body and mind enjoy intoxicated.
"Very interesting picture" admire, the dog urine incredibly also so elegant!!!
Hang solid big lock in the iron gate, a hardcore spent a tremendous effort, or not will it open. The key to it, thin body into the lock, only a turn, the lock is &quot; with &quot; an open. The irons were surprised to ask: &quot; why do I have so much effort to open, and you can easily turn it on? &quot; &quot; because I know his heart most. &quot;
[golden] ham fried spinach practice: 1) wash the spinach, mushroom roots washed to remove. 2) olive oil into the wok, saute the onion ginger. 3) spinach, stir fry, add mushroom to fry. 4) over the spinach to become soft, add salt, then add a little sugar. 5) into the slice of ham, add a little sparse of fresh stir fry evenly. 6) pour into the little water starch, stir fry evenly off the fire.
[how swollen eyes] if have eye puffiness problems after getting up in the morning, the most primitive and effective is with a small cucumber slices, apply on the cover to the eye, sleep rest for ten minutes, relax mood, it will naturally have a significant effect. These small cucumber, it's better to cold. Eyes should wash two times a day, two times a day.
[children with malignant tumor 70% onset before the age of 3] in recent years received diagnosis of children with tumor were significantly increased, including cystic and solid tumors such as of all kinds. Most of the children's cancer is caused by a congenital factor, 70% of the children's cancer will be in the age of 3 before the onset of the disease. Cancer is the second leading cause of death among children under 14 years of age. However, if parents can do early detection, the cure rate of childhood cancer can reach 6
[DIY Home Edition barbecued pork] raw materials: tenderloin, pork sauce, honey; practice: 1. Wash the ridge meat, diced; 2. Pork sauce into the meat on; 3. The char siu sauce and knead; 4. The barbecued meat into the refrigerator marinated overnight; 5. The curing of meat out, put a spoonful of pork sauce, add a little honey brush evenly; 6. The bacon into the oven and bake for 20 minutes. Remove and then brush a layer of honey, put them back in the oven continue to bake for 15
Moonlight drunk far-off, shadow suspect relatives; lantern vigil alone, Acacia bitter souls; Tao exotic far, separation of a festival; Yao Zhu industry, brilliant every spring. I wish a happy lantern festival!
[mobile wallpaper] I'm trying to be the one I like.
The open air museum is located on the island of Stockholm, the world's first open air museum. Built in 1891, in the majority of the Greenwood, lined with more than one hundred migrated from all over Sweden farm, church buildings, where you can see the situation of the Swedish traditional ways of life and work. The most representative of the post Museum, Tobacco Museum, the degree of exquisite collection is no less than any one independent
[be threatened by growing crises survival! 2 minutes outlining terrorist new "forest"] endnight games of the survival horror adventure new "forest" will lead the player into a vivid, colorful and full of crisis of opening to the outside world, the recent foreign players will the game with 2 minutes of video gives a brief description of the again and pass the listening friends to preview it!
Wang Song "dream" premiere MV, for the coveted "MV show in the United States to find the results of Hollywood Diva Justin and Queen's choreographer was apprenticed, in the MV Leehom and dance group fright wonderful dance, from the creation King shake the body into electronic music dance king, let fans praised:" only Leehom can go beyond Wang. "
During the Ming Dynasty, China's maritime combat was very strong! Liaoluo Bay war is Chongzhen, a sea battle with Holland Chinese. In July 1633, 13 ships of Holland coastal warships invasion of Ming Dynasty, Chongzhen was furious after hearing the news, Holland Herald must be punished. Just a military fight, Holland will fire two warships, two were sunk, the rest of the battered collapsibility. The fiasco, from year to China tribute 120000 francs!
Buy a cake, is to buy this! Boss a 8 inch cake! Mixed taste!
[method] 1 mulberry whitening, each taking 15 grams of dried mulberry leaves, soaked in boiling water after drinking tea. 2, and the tea on the face of the stain Department, 3 times a day, once a month for a course of treatment, the stain disappeared. This is because in mulberry leaf contains the inhibition of tyrosinase activity components can reduce the generation of melanin, coupled with mulberry leaf and other nutrients, nourish and repair the skin. Beauty of the girls may wish to try
[Los Angeles show a new generation of mini or the 2015 domestic] car is possible in November debut, the car will, is first from BMW New UKL1 wheel drive platform for the models. New car will be the first in the Oxford factory production, after it is likely to be domestic, is expected to be put into operation in Tiexi Shenyang factory.
Can't get something, we would have been able for he is good, it is because you know too little of him, did not have time to live together with him. When one day, when you get to know it, you will find that it is not as good as you think.
[1] Dalian people speak Mandarin, Dalian harm people speak Mandarin with a very loaded around. 2, said the Mandarin has become not a fight, a serious limitation of expression. 3, do not want to say that a person will not naturally speak Mandarin, Mandarin, is in order to maintain the distance of 4, said the Chinese can not effectively express the true feelings, easy to cause misunderstanding 5, said the Chinese can not effectively express personal feelings, easy to suppress the disease! You say Dei not de
"Killing" reflects the real life l live in serious marriage topic. In the era now popcorn style comedy film flooding, so the pursuit of true feelings of the film is rare. There is no simple definition of the role of the role as a "good person" or "bad guys", but from the point of view of psychology, the individual's own personality, etc..
[Shenzhen price to 320 yuan a "bitter? The original is vanguard staff downtown Oolong] 18 morning, residents said, Longgang center city vanguard astronomical balsam pear, a bitter melon even offer 320 yuan. Learned from the supermarket, the original is the electronic scale in the store when weighing the printing price of errors, he immediately to the two bitter gourd were re calculated.
February China's official manufacturing PMI fell to 5 a general decline in the 50.1% classification index, China's Manufacturing Purchasing Managers Index (PMI) was 50.1%, compared with the previous month fell 0.3%^, the main sub index also has a different degree of decline, but this decline is mainly due to the impact of the Spring Festival factors, volatility is less than history
Well-established practices: peel the main ingredients, horseshoe replaced by slope blade, Chinese yam and carrot were cut into diamond shaped pieces into the boiling water in the boil hot, quickly remove with cold water cast a cold. Frying pan get angry with base oil ", the next into the ginger fried flavor, adding an appropriate amount of water and seasoning, white ingredients, with a small fire to make tasty, water hook starch soup Euryale ferox, Linru sesame oil can be.
[at the end of the Qing Dynasty, prostitutes in Shenyang old photos exposure: wear turtleneck cheongsam dress conservative] this photo was taken in 1911, and at the same time billboard girl wear fit tight jacket compared, Fengtian prostitutes wore clothing or traditional necked Chinese dress, cut not slim, style is not exposed, the whole outfit are very conservative. But Podesta is clothing material texture and clothes, a variety of colors, or conceal this year la Traviata overall costumes of the special "gas".
[Taiwan military assert that, after eight years with attack capabilities] 24 days, Taiwan Defense Minister Kao Hua Chu went to "(the legislature" prepare for consultation, and in the Department of defense submitted in advance of the business report, impressively write, will be after eight years with the ability of a military solution to the Taiwan issue. Comment said that the report if not deliberately grandstanding for "defense" budget clearance, is Taiwan's high-level complete lack of political thinking, "gracefully target and beaten
[Martin will push two New Zealand North special edition models] Aston Martin CEO Dr. Ulrich bez said recently that the introduction of the two new models for the Nurburgring 24 hour endurance race. The first models will be named CC100, with V12 Vantage as the foundation to build. This car will be affected by the DBR1, the use of open cockpit structure, which means that it will not have doors and windows.
Sometimes I feel that our own heart is too small, small to hold only under the male pale mind; our eyes too the short to never feeling but also do not feel the wide, wide world. "Together and watch the meteor shower"
"Do not go to work tomorrow" became popular, Na Ying: not me sing tomorrow, Oprah also China Table I shows, old boy. I don't say tomorrow.
[mini car accommodate 28 woman] London, a tiny car with iota accommodate 28 women, set a new Guinness Book of world records, and before the world record is also accommodate 27 people. The feel, and feet on the outside than the upper part of the body, those on the outside of the vehicle is also very happy.
There are paths that are not important to where you will see what kind of scenery on the road. Some people come, and go, only through a route for his life, and from time to time the guest about someone else's situation, there was no intersection, open the world only suddenly, far suddenly near echo, that is their own sigh, and never say exports per a parting.
Love psychology to make love simple, it is best to select the appropriate object. A man who really is worth loving, and who knows how to love, will make love simple. So between the two men usually do not need to mind, guess, don't worry about the whereabouts of; not afraid of inadvertently anger, no doubt motive for doing anything. Between two people, a little care, but will not struggle; two people, a little miss, but not sad.
[two dairy pregnant mothers do not choose the best] 1. Milk at room temperature (and don't spoil, first step to the disinfection processes have is ultra high temperature sterilization, processing temperature is high, the longer the zeta, nutrient loss is relatively more. 2. Drink milk (yogurt drinks, lactic acid bacteria beverages, fruit, milk and drink are, in fact, be regarded as milk, main components of sugar water, not more than 30% of the milk and the corresponding, additives more)
[Honda losing competitiveness: Podesta extremely high priced products structure chaos on June 20, Honda in China are still unable to achieve a V-shaped recovery. 2014 has been more than half, but as of now, Honda sales in China is only less than 300000, even the target of the 1/3 are not able to achieve. Even more critical is that, in addition to cross-border models CR-V, Honda other models have emerged sales decline, the average decline in the average car Honda models even close to 50
The blue elegant hotel style apartments, as a fresh and elegant palace, very characteristics of spain. Murals on the wall, floor Turquoise goes carpet, antique furniture, seems to quietly tell you that here the old story.
Motorcycle version of hot wheels, before the weak burst!
In the workplace, you have to make yourself to the success of iota, then the first thing you have to understand their own strengths and weaknesses, and organization environment relationship, good at regulating their own career planning, learning time. In this way, you can more easily find their way.
[guy online buy Computer cheated 2200 yuan in the first half of recover 2700 yuan] June 7 hearing, "cheated me buy a PC online 2200 yuan, but after half a year of the deal, I from the hands of the liar to recover the 2700 yuan." For Li's experience, counsel argues that in addition to come back to find the 2200 yuan of money, also multiple sinks 500 yuan of money illegal profits, Mike should not its appropriation. What do you think?
Life, by the day, happiness, from the heart not by the environment. Life is like a cup of wine to drink, you need to carefully taste, feel bitter in the mouth may be swallowed, is mellow. For life does not to the rut, but can never put it down too, many, when we throw a shadow, give up bear the drive shell, the original return to own is the whole world.
[Ministry of human resources and social work: still the first place in the employment of college students in July 25th, Yin Chengji in the human resources and social security department routine press conference, said the two - year 2013 quarter, the overall stability of the employment situation in china. For all the concerns of college graduates employment problems, the next step is to put the first college graduates in the first place, to promote entrepreneurship to promote employment, increase employment public service.
Such as toilet, tricky.
[5 of the most suitable for women's sports] 1 playing badminton, exercise the hands of the muscles, exercise to the legs and thighs. Volatile moves the ball can stimulate the body; 2. Swimming, enhance myocardial function, enhanced resistance and physical fitness, strengthen lung function, shape beautiful curve; dancing., exercise the body muscles NaBH, let the body soft. Walking; 5. Riding a bike, minus the fat on the thigh.
[pickled cuttlefish Aberdeen] 1. The cuttlefish Tsai Tun water, the Sichuan pickled pepper, ginger, onions and stir fry together; 2. Add seasonings, ink plants the larvae isokinetic fried, can thicken.
My mom and dad and I, every morning to go out, we have the same Each pursues his onward journey., at night. My father is an architect, every day in the site gesticulating; mom, mom is salesman, all comers in the shop every day I am a student, every day in the classroom transfixed. My grades were not good, Dad fratricide, ruthless hit to me pleasantly surprised, mother in aside, never courageous.
[a 500 year old voiceless in Nanchang intends to declare national intangible cultural heritage] two tables together, artists sitting around the square, at the head of a dulcimer hands, the first is female vocalist, and on both sides of the erhu, drums and gongs, this is voiceless in Nanchang in the famous "sing Tanghui" (1688-1744). October 31st, learned, inheritance of nearly 500 years of Nanchang voiceless is ready to sprint the national intangible cultural heritage.
Mobile phone wallpaper from the bed, [] hardship struggle every day!
[Sagittarius ex boyfriend means of regulation] if you encounter in violation of the "truth" of the treatment (strange is that they always the last one to know), Sagittarius girls will probably have not, like the atomic bomb, would hate not to kill you, but iota, Sagittarius girls sad will not last too long, just want to look around, to her fishing to new boyfriend the. Revenge? Come on! She had forgotten your last name.
[drilling luxury car market segments of the Cadillac of a new generation of CTS spy] Cadillac mentioned, first appeared in the minds of everyone, was undoubtedly the personalized "diamond cutting" design philosophy, this subversion to Cadillac's model is quite unique. Recently, overseas media photographed new CTS road test spy photos, it is expected that the car will be released in 2013 Detroit auto show, as the time to market need to wait until the end of next year.
Plane trees, a tree, thought s of love from one end of the plane trees that human love poetry romantic Melancholy. Chinese parasol tree is tree of a tree, miss and love from the beginning of a at the end of the Indus tree, express
[twelve constellations of small advantages] Aries (think of do), Taurus (really) her, Gemini (adaptation ability), cancer (kitchen players), Leo (aggressive), Virgo (rigorous), Libra (Kan), Scorpio (Mystery), Sagittarius (Nai Jimo), Capricorn (working slowly and deliberately, Aquarius fast adjustment (understanding), Pisces (emotional)
One day in 1975, a mysterious disappearance occurred on the subway in Moscow. On the night of 21 1 T 6, a train from Belarus station to Blaise Nor station. Only 14 minutes to reach the next station, who knows this column of the subway car in 14 minutes, carrying a full car passengers suddenly disappeared without a trace.
[Japanese potato salad] 1: Potato with skin, peeling and pressed into mud. 2: cucumber, onion slices with salt for 5 minutes, rinse, squeezed water. Carrot slices, with water for 1 minutes. 3: boiled egg cut into small ding. Ham cut. 4: mix everything together with mashed potatoes. Salad dressing, sauce, salt and pepper. After Zhuangpan can according to their own preferences and sprinkle with a little purple powder: su.
[how to prevent postpartum constipation? ] Postpartum your body will have all sorts of discomfort, including constipation: 1. As soon as possible to start a normal diet, eat more high fiber foods, special "fruit. 2 drink plenty of water, so that the stool softening. 3 after the birth of the baby, the body allows to get out of bed as soon as possible, long time sitting or lying down, will make constipation worse. If you can't go out during confinement, walk in the room.
[4 kinds of food radiation] 1, black sesame, black sesame kidney, kidney food can enhance body cell immunity, humoral immune function, the effective protection of human health; (2) green tea: can improve the hematopoietic function, increased platelet and white blood cells and; (3) Spirulina: iota sugar rich rhamnose, with obvious effect of anti radiation; (4) of Ginkgo biloba products: for in the radiation environment work, insist on taking Ginkgo biloba tea, can increase white blood cells and protect hematopoietic machine
[April harem Xinfan "if her flag is broken" to the public the second bomb notice PV] harem dynamic ^ painting "if her flag is broken" discloses the second bomb Trailer PV, PV by magic Zeqian seiyuu AI kayano commentary. MX OKYO, TV, SUNTV,, BS11, AT-X and other Japanese TV stations in April.
Although the business, but that we would make ` amount of talk about return to do something for others, which won the psychological superiority over others for the creditor's rights. A person's social status is the sum of the social debt that others have to him.
Chain operation, joint development [Faku County, Shenyang new 10 village kindergarten chain] last year, Faku County to bud nursery garden owners as a leader, and rural private garden, 22 standard of park chain have all been put into use, the new degree in 1800. This year, Faku County kindergarten quantity will reach 100, realize the county's 225 village 100% covered with a radiant, three years of pre-school children (1688-1744) degree in 100% meet the demand.
"Resident Evil 6" trailers subtitles. The first Chinese crowd, you see,? Pro......
With more and more, the high-tech industry was born in the new mode, that for themselves to create a comfortable home studio.
[my sister is so lovely dome! The edge, empty "wild spring dome cos appreciation] Xiaobian to everyone brought a group the margin of empty" spring wild dome of the wonderful cos, seven Coser Nai the dome sister doll like properties of deductive incisively and vividly, the tender doodle face let want to go up a bite! Not much to say, to see.
[Dalian intends to build five taxi return site] on May 24, located in Dalian Airport in the vicinity of the first long-distance passenger transport taxi return station is put into use. Remote passenger return station is Dalian Shineisiqu outside the District, city taxi carrier send passengers to a high - even after the urban return site on the way of carrying passengers. In other areas of the city shall not solicit passengers, other commercial vehicles are not allowed to enter the room passengers together by capitation fee. Dalian intends to build 5 return station
[Shenzhen] old stories don't get it now or the bustling fans. Those passing the desolate, those ancient city, it is the first appearance, the most quiet time.
[the entertainment industry elite seminar held Changsha "Internet bubble" concern] in lower public spending, bars and other entertainment business downturn, Changsha culture and entertainment industry has begun to try online clubbing Podesta. December 17th, the first Changsha Sunshine Entertainment and entertainment industry, the 2013 elite seminar held in Changsha.
The team found "DOTA2" [Navi BUG, spring base guards move! "DOTA2" in the spring] is a safe area of her, not dare to enter the enemy. If this area moved to their base in front of the invincible opponent, so don't MEIZHE? Now, foreign famous team Navi found this BUG. Navi use Bug guards in a video technique in the latest release, unexpectedly
[the successful completion of Liaoning ship in the South China Sea test and training mission return] on the morning of January 1, 2014, Liaoning ship in the South China Sea 37 days completed more than 100 items test training to return to Qingdao, during the completion of the first fleet sailing training, with the Navy and more types of aircraft, ships and submarines to the intended purpose while driving the training of combat troops.
[Sen Hua Group heavily acquisition of 120 years ago, Wuhan old photos] a group of 80 120 years ago by Wuhan old photos and return journey yesterday after our exclusive report, caused great social repercussions. Beijing time on the morning of 11 April 2013 around 10:00, stakeholders in the Chinese real estate company Sen Hua Group rushed to Dalian, spend lots of money to buy back a picture from the hands of Mr. Sun, this old photo album will eventually return to Wuhan "Hometown".
Who's to say I love you. Go on, bang on a mouth, if he did not fight back is really love you.
[magical] Weizhong have never used it. Baby, but let the suffering lumbago backache. The acupoint indications sciatica, crus fatigue, sore neck, waist, hip pain, knee pain. Committee in the hole in the popliteal fossa, hands thumb pressing, efforts to a little sense of soreness is appropriate, a pressure of a song for the first time, about 20 times in a row, with legs flexion and extension, can relieve the pain.
"Taipingyulan" is Song Taizong Zhao Guangyi. Li Fang et al fumiomi prepared a large-scale Encyclopedia classification. For such a masterpiece goes, Taizong provisions of their every day at least two or three volumes, all finished within one year. A minister think emperor Riliwanji, but also to reading such book, too hard, to advise him to watch less. He said: I don't think work is useful.
[love total love lies in the constellation]] Libra (- say, do, exactly how you want it to be) Gemini (objective wrong language. What do you want to express what), Capricorn] (on their own protection, whispers mostly keeps the foreshadowing,] Aries (talk not to calculate words, sometimes with obvious), Leo. (they do not know "lie" with "a joke" what's the difference).
Never judging from the back of a person
Beijing lightning pierced the night sky at this time, the air temperature is cool, showers are still. On the night of July 7th, it has experienced a sudden thunderstorm. A lightning pierced the sky, then cease abruptly, Not the least trace was found. Have a look together on the evening of the 7 "lightning, map, and a" look quite shocking.
[Photos: Liaoning ship in Dalian hang full flag sailors station slope lead users guess] 23, users take to complete the sea training of Liaoning ship did not sail back to home port of Qingdao, ` but arrived Dalian Shipyard berths. And friends witnessed the Liaoning ship hanging over the flag on the deck, the sailors in the slope, that has important officials to inspect the ship.
Subordinate leadership in the workplace do not like 1. Does not work shall be able to care for - thinking is not clear; 2. Things done by halves -- no dedication. Work careless -- no serious work habits, 4. Do the bulkhead not report -- don't understand communication and leadership important; 5. A man on the surface of a behind a no sincere attitude.
University relationship with a girl very good, every time to send her back to her dormitory, fast upstairs when the university she always give me a hug, because the graduation must be separated, we did not divulge. The first year after graduation, the class meeting, we are also familiar with the hug together, I said: "work for a year, you have not changed, is so beautiful!" She laughed for a while and said: "you had changed a lot, now hold never touched me!"
[Qingdao self-made comedy "really surprised" struck at Qingdao version & quot; Fan Wei & quot. February 19 hearing. Recently, a Qingdao characteristics, funny self-made comedy "really surprised" in Sohu Qingdao premiere degrees, Qingdao embarrassing husband embarrassed wife cock wire and adorable baby, wonderful interpretation of all kings of comedy scripts, starring stone brother is known as Qingdao version "fan", sought after by the citizens of Qingdao, users refer to laugh my teeth.
[pro, do you have a lucky mind? "Pro drop, you made it? In August this year, a covered 14 cities survey data show that young people treat contraceptive attitudes is worrying: advance without contraception, after hastily remedy; Huai fluky psychology, inefficient use of contraception deficiency. Lack of scientific knowledge phenomenon exists generally. 82% of women have unprotected sex in the past six months. Pro, you are one of them?
[high-end atmosphere on the level of Taxi: JPN taxi] her Toyota released a new taxi Toyota JPN Taxi: spacious low windows, a line of beautiful street in Tokyo. Hidden sliding door, 5 design, high roof and panoramic skylight, let the interior space is very spacious. This project has reached an agreement with the Japanese government, will soon be put into use.
[tell you all over the country a monthly salary was not hungry undead] 18500 Hong Kong, Macau 8 as 900; second gear: Shanghai 5350, Shenzhen 5280, Wenzhou 5020, Beijing 5000; Hangzhou 4980, 475 Guangzhou, Suzhou 4300, 4100 Xiamen, Qingdao 4000; Nanjing 3780, Fuzhou 3380, Wuxi 3200, Tianjin 3150, Jinan 3120, Dalian
From what constellation mouth the most offensive to love a winner (Virgo), runner up (Sagittarius), third (Libra) abroad occurred aventure probability highest ^ constellation Champion (Aries), runner up (Gemini), runner up (Libra)
[alert potential killer of the 1 points of the season 6 points car note], the car leaves a long time does not clean the corrosion damage car paint. 2, the litter in the "hidden killer". 3, left in the car leaves to produce goes bacteria / smell. 4, deciduous blocked drainage holes leading to component failure. 5, stop in the leaf litter on may lead to vehicles were ignited. 6, leaves to leak air filter will rot taste.
Fen Zhengrou] [curry approach: 1, curry, chopped into the pot, add a little water, while heating while stirring, until curry to melt viscous; 2, pork slices into the curry sauce, grasping uniform, pickled half an hour; 3, carrots wire brush, shop in the empty plate; a layer; 4, rice flour wet pickling meat wrapped with rice, yards into the disk; 5, boiling water pot, fire steamed 30 minutes, after the pan and sprinkle chopped peanuts and chopped green onion
Angular cheilitis prevention is to strengthen the nutrition, pay attention to balanced diet, not a partial eclipse, not picky eaters, eat foods rich in B vitamins. The two is to protect the facial skin, keep the lips clean after eating, pay attention to clean lips. Lips dry, coated with a little glycerin, ointment, prevent chapped happen. Once you have koujiaoyan, can take vitamin B complex, local can be coated with borax added at the end, the medicine paste made of honey and mix thoroughly
