Maybe you are running on a treadmill, and suddenly you see a pointer over half the target. Smile when you're over, and enjoy your present position. From the rear view mirror can see a lot of scenery, and over the front of the corner, more scenery ahead. Let's go on. Feel wonderful! - "the best things in life are free."
Dreams are free, but to realize the dream, happy life, only a handful of people. Life is a person, not what others do for you, but what you do to the people. -- "memories of Matsuko"
[woman common disease therapeutic] 1. Eat spinach and liver cure anemia; II of warm milk and honey can treat menstrual discomfort; eating bananas can be used for the treatment of dysmenorrhea; 4 eat millet, magnesium containing food can cure headache; fifthly, eat garlic can treat mould sex vaginitis; the whole wheat food to help in the treatment of breast disease; the kelp to treat breast hyperplasia; the supplement of folic acid in prevention and treatment of cervical cancer; 9) high calcium food for the prevention and treatment of breast cancer.
Convertible is not car, wear cool outfit is not necessarily is beautiful, but when dressed in cool outfit of beauty with the car to meet, you are blessed ~
My parents have spoiled you like a princess for more than twenty years, and not let you for any in front of a man to compromise.
The ordinary people to capture suspected UFO images
[12 tricks to make children happy] 1. To the children with time to play 2. Make sure to eat healthy. Encouraging more exercise. Often hug. Carefully listen to children 6. Teach him caring 7. Teach him to solve the problem 8. Let go of perfectionism 9. Laugh. Creative praise 11. Inspire him in the art of days for 12. To the children performing stage. How many do you do?
The cake was made to ask what the pattern, then gave them a U disk results received this...
12 constellation test miracle index Aries (]]]]); Taurus (]); Gemini (]); cancer (* *); Leo (]]]), Virgo (* *); Libra (]); Scorpio (* *); Sagittarius (]]]]]); Capricorn (]]]]); Aquarius (]); Pisces (* *)
The vampire Princess Miyu "01." the theme of the vampire Princess Miyu "VampirePrincessMiyu first words" demon] is & quot; pain & quot;. Whether it is the loss of their parents or the loss of the parents of the lovers, who are suffering from extreme pain. The last one was captured by the gods, the other is accepted Meixi blood, put the slumber of happiness forever.
Laugh out!!! The dead do not sprinkle dog mouth!!!!!! Be hung out on the clothes line!!!!!
[chili to reduce weight] chili pepper is fat burning, capsaicin, capsaicin, a major role is to stimulate the body heat system, speed up the metabolism. Fast heat systems can improve the efficiency of the body, like the fast running machines can consume a large amount of hydrocarbon fuel. After eating a spicy meal, you can consume more than 25% of Kaluri. When the hot combustion in the belly, drink a cup of caffeine rich Black Tea, the effect is more obvious.
Youth, it really is a strange contraption, body just happens to drag a long tail, like the wings of the swagger, a long time refused to leave. The biggest mistake in youth is that you can love a person who doesn't love you.
Zhujiajue - Shanghai, Venice [Shanghai] Hollywood is located in Shanghai District of Qingpu, close to the Dianshan Lake Scenic area. Also known as the Pearl Street Pavilion, said Zhu Xi, commonly known as the "corner", formerly known as Zhu village. Gold Channel Hong River through the town, land and water transportation is convenient, beautiful scenery, abundant products is best preserved in Shanghai Jiangnan Water Town. Known as the "small bridge, flowing water, people" pattern and rich cultural heritage, is a treasure.
"One eye to read, a persistent doomed this moths, knowing it is a curse why is also a loss, it would be better not to see, best not to read. If so, it would be not with your love..." Hu & amp; Alan sing "startling step by step" theme song "a persistent"! Very nice! ~
LOOK: irregular stripes sweater + light denim shorts + Black satchel + black boots.
[before 2012]
The living room of the red sofa, very bright and bright.
The young we cry, because we can not laugh.
The amazing Spider Man 2, notice the new show elements of comedy chargers being molested. New notice flashed a duel of spider man and "lightning" Times Square, "Spider Man" with the idol meet new scenes and dialogue humorous of spider man and his girlfriend, aunt is dye in the wood. Sony Columbia and have been announced will expand "the amazing spider man," territory, opening a villain "the Sinister Six" and "venom" film project.
[the pregnant mother to eat the fruit] [lemon] to help calcium absorption, lower blood pressure, Jianpi appetizers, Qushu tocolysis [banana] to eliminate edema, stable blood pressure, protect the intestinal; [date] Yizhi Jiannao, nourishing and soothe the nerves, enhance immunity; [pitaya] beauty, weight loss, anti-aging; [papaya] Shujin, soften blood vessels, beauty beauty, regulating stomach; [chestnut] folic acid supplementation; [orange] to add VC.
Life is a kind of practice. All passing by, the landscape; where to remember, all for happiness. When you look back, people will find that: to defeat people strong, the pain makes people awake; again the good thing, people also can not have too long, get is only temporary; lost once, also do not have to accept, only from the past, happiness will be tomorrow to meet their.
[the three sentence of the child] 1 baby, learn on the line, other parents to do; 2 baby, remember not to lose; 3 I tell you, then not to learn, grow up without a meal.
The first thing to do is to have a clear career development goals, to move forward in the right direction, the workplace is the accumulation of experience in need of. 2 to bring their own from &quot; school &quot; &quot; &quot; workplace; change, improve their own gold content and competitive advantage.
Darling, so I won't miss your message.
[KTM will at the Geneva Motor Show to launch new KMT X-BOW GT] or to continue to carry on the Audi TT RS five cylinder engine, new car will be equipped with windshields, strength enough to in the north and the Porsche 911 Turbo compete.
[elbow] symptoms: wrinkle. Cause: regular activities, and clothes that affect the skin's normal breathing, dry. Literacy: select the high quality of the Body Moisturizing Cream focus on the smear, repeated several times and gently massage, to strengthen the infiltration of nutrition. 1, to minimize the use of soap or soap, washing oil too thoroughly, will naturally lead to drying and cracking. 2, immediately after washing, and apply moisturizing cream.
People are always looking for something to do a quick success. When you connect this optimistic expectations and meet the needs of customers, you tend to commit too many things you can't do. You have to say no to the things you can't do.
Does not mean there is no misunderstanding but, always give each other the opportunity to Trust explain the misunderstanding. trust is not a misunderstanding, but the total
[bunker! Players made the "ancient scrolls 5" art map, a "DEZZZ" of the ancient players have just produced some of the sky we have never seen the art of the sky, you can imagine the next generation of "ancient scrolls" in the estimated to achieve this effect, right? Too refined!
"Twelve": Jackie Chan's patriotic action movie. This is Jackie Chan film, say nothing of the story is a little exaggerated, also don't too it is not reasonable, the Jackie Chan is a little dull legs is better then the flexible, the patriotism of the eldest brother had a bit too much loneliness outside, Jackie Chan movie never changes, Chinese style Carnival action movie is Jackie Chan movie.
The center of teachers by the police beat up police said ""
Lao Li is an alcoholic, and each drink will be drunk. The wife said angrily: "you drink again, I divorce, see my words do not count!" Old Li Zhen's two days without drinking. The evening of the third day, his wife back home, her husband was pacing the room, asked: "you do not cook, and think what?" Li said: "I think, we still get a divorce!"
With a nail set the heart shape, and then use the red line to pull on the OK, very simple and very beautiful.
Break through the traditional design, a whole family of functional living in one place, to achieve the dual enjoyment of vision and application.
Don't look at me so good, good sad.
Life is very simple, as long as happiness is good. However, we have the pleasure of complex. The more you have, the happier you will be. Who do not know, to get the same time, it is bound to have lost. How can have both fish and bear's paw? In fact, the real happiness, is like to fight, get on the treasure, lost to put down. Heart is more simple, the less, the more happy life. Your happiness, you call the shots.
The girls [ChinaJoy the oncoming "chest"] ChinaJoy was held in Shanghai, ChinaJoy this year is really beautiful clouds unlimited wonderful, you tempted? Here to provide you with a detailed 2014ChinaJoy live hot!
[can you let the baby in eight September to help things stand? This will depend on your baby's confidence and initiative. If he wants to do it, he will not be developed. In fact, it's hard to stop him if he wants to. Baby soft bones, but does not affect his parents were leaning on the leg jumping in. If the baby is not willing to let him stand early in the morning, but not a good idea.
"Second times" set up
I really love you, but don't show it, crush confession. -- Li Gongjun
The relationship is greater than education, before education, including education. As a parent, we are only in the heart of Guan Aixian's acceptance of his children. When we used to scold the child abuse, or because the relationship is not harmonious in the atmosphere tense family, will let their children to live in fear of abandonment of love. And one can not give the child a sense of security of the parents, education has not yet been doomed to failure.
The person you love is also a common person, know how to forgive their mistakes, know how to accept their shortcomings and deficiencies.
Life with only a few years, how much sorrow, joy, it is all in vain. A wealthy person or not all the money, or a high position and handsome salary of ordinary people, ultimately, each outcome is dust. In order to take away the fame and effort, may be anti false how life.
Amos Tori's music style including folk, jazz, electronic, rock and roll, and so on, the only thing that has not changed is the consistent, sharp and sensitive in her music.
["journey to the west" at the box office breaking 1200000000! This week or hypertext "Thai embarrassing"] as of Sunday, "west you drop the article" the box office to achieve 12.1 billion. That is very close to 12.57 million Chinese film box office champion the Thai embarrassing ". At present the ostentation and extravagance is still close to 16%, key also postponed to April, but "die hard", "Resident Evil 5" respectively in the Thursday and Sunday released may become obstacles to the summit, "West".
Our teacher was examined when the multiple-choice answers and made the AAAAA BBBBB CCCCC DDDDD. He said: "I want to make good students can not write, the bad students can not copy. Brother fight is the heartbeat!"
No one dares to clamor in front of me China food, you simply weak burst.
[Qiaozhi small BB burp] small BB more than hiccups, available fingers, tickling baby the soles of the feet, the baby will due to a sudden stimulus stop hiccups, or gently scratch baby small mouth and small ears, where nerve is sensitive, can effectively stop the hiccups phenomena.
Sorry, this microblogging has been deleted. View help: http://t.cn/8sYl7Qb
All of the questions, in a certain tomorrow, there will be an answer.
Even if one day we are separated, but it must be short, and eventually will be one day we can still be together, when we get together again and never separate, together as a partner, so before that day before we meet, we must be on the right side to protect themselves.
Who abandon me away, leaving me alone a world war; who, can be prescribed to me, so that my life no regrets; who can help my arm, and tens of thousands of warriors; who, tilting my heart, every inch like virtual MI; who can bury my sorrowful, false smile, my heart crazy.
A Shanghai Tan, don't dye red coke anger legendary writer Eileen Chang. There is a person to write his own life, as a novel climax, colorful. And with the legendary ended quietly, 40 years old Shanghai sink into the history, this is the death of a person is a city in the fall, the end is an era.
[TVB artistes in Marseilles and same-sex kissing tears mistake wireless artists Marseille earlier accused of isotropic triangular relationship with the mainland producer Wang Ziqi and matron Laura Lee, then once be wireless "frozen". Recently, Marseille said, after a month of self-examination, aware of his very self willed, event handling is not mature enough, the apology side Marseille while tears, it seems that she know wrong.
Wild rhino drive Infiniti QX56
[Sony zombie travelogue "H1Z1" published the latest game screen] Sony online (SOE) R & D zombie PC/PS4 theme online games new "H1Z1" discloses the latest game screen. H1Z1 game combines the concept of day and night to describe the world of the virus "H1Z1" after fifteen years of outbreak, players will face the challenge of the wild animals infected with other survivors.
[Three Kingdoms Cao Cao Chuan] "Cao Cao of the Three Kingdoms biography" was a long time ago, launched by the Japanese honorable company a classic battle chess game, it can be said many childhood memories. Game in the novel the romance of the Three Kingdoms is modeled, allowing the player to play in the era of the Three Kingdoms of Cao Cao, the plot from the battle of Yingchuan began to all the way to the unification of the country. Players of different choices will lead to different outcomes, through the game players can also be more understanding of the story of Cao Cao.
The network discovered the "offbeat" Olympic expert mode! Each big video! What other crazy expert drops all clouds, pull!
Practical Capricorn for the basic style of doing things, they do not exaggerate their own strength, and will not be too modest to lower their own. Unmarried men as "leftovers". Capricorn does not have much more anxious, as planned, successful career, life, to talk about marriage theory to marry.
[salad Flammulina velutipes] 1. Flammulina truncated root, spread out, into the boiling water Cheuk cooked, cool control dry spare;. Cucumber, red pepper, yellow pepper shred. All materials together, add salt, vinegar, sugar, green onion, sesame oil mix can be ~ tip: Flammulina velutipes can also take dried tofu silk, shredded lettuce, cabbage, carrots, shredded ham, jellyfish silk etc..
Time management is a great learning. The first thing is to make full use of every second of the time to come from me. In Japan's subway, often can see the scene is a book, or professional books, or management books, the use of every spare time to study has become their habit. Next is the reasonable arrangement, formulate the perfect, reasonable work plan.
"Faithfully in last too unfeeling, residue is apathy sets, tangled story very memorable, unforgettable love you but I don't admit, just because the last time too unconventional, personnel who important did not see", and "on call 36 hours II" - Joey TV drama theme song, "a sequel to".
This is caused by the designer Jerichow Samuel to bring the hexagonal LED watch, for those who like to decrypt the puzzle lovers design. There are a number of a number of hexagonal on the dial, each side of the neon light, through the observation of the side, the corresponding rules, decryption and later read time. Green for hours, blue for the minute. It also provides 5 different difficulty settings for the wearer.
The man is able to dance on a rope!! Bunker!!!!! NB!!!!
[monastery] said to the Drepung Monastery is the world's largest temple, because of the Tibetan calendar every year June 13 Shoton Festival on the first day the Drepung Monastery of sun Buddhist activities in remote Tibet famous, jampa Temple pass true Buddha enshrined gilded jampa through true Buddha statues, is like the future Buddha Maitreya Buddha eight year old life, which is the world's largest Buddha jampa, let possession of all Tibetan people yearning.
[MV] South Korea's strength to send a combination of 8eight members of the Korean Drama - gentleman character - new single: (HD version)
[super hard cube (Hardest Game Cube)] will be a red square, big eyes, collect each level of 3 cherry and awakened by the blue square. It's easy to play: use the virtual keyboard to move the Red Square, once you've collected all the cherries, move to the blue box to complete the level.
Apricot apricot jam wash; not peeled, only to go nuclear, cut into small pieces; the diced apricot into the stainless steel pot, pour water; boil in the fire; into malt sugar, stirring evenly, continue to boiling with the small fire, with a wooden spoon non-stop stirring; then add sugar, continue to use medium low heat to boiling; to continue with a wooden spoon keep stirring to to the sauce thickened.
A young Australian Koala, after the end of the log, it returned to this place, but found that the house was gone, so sad to squat down here...... The logging is to produce economic benefits, and will be planted in the future of the new seedlings, belonging to the process of forestry industry cycle.
[honey lemon water fresh lemon slice (every three to four), into the cold water, transferred to honey into at least two hours for the refrigerator can be. Lemon honey water every day to drink for women's skin care role is no trivial matter, honey lemon water in addition to maintenance of the skin, but also to promote cell regeneration, improve sleep Oh, so children and pressure of office workers can drink it!
This is history. The three men from left to right are Lu Zhonglin, Pu Yi, and Xiong Bingkun. Puyi, the last emperor, xiongbingkun is fired the first shot of the Wuchang Uprising, the revolution of 1911 overthrew the Qing government, Puyi abdicated; Lu Zhong 1924 Ren Kyoto garrison commander, Feng, Feng Yuxiang in life, Puyi was expelled from the Forbidden City. In 1961 when the 50 anniversary of the revolution of 1911, the enemy of the year to hug and take photos.
Life is a happy flower, in the love of the ocean in the moisture, in love with the sea. In the ocean of love. All the words you love, in the course of life, into a boat, gently drifting away. In an instant, you are the hot lips, perhaps the most sweet kiss in my life, I could not keep my love, I could not keep my heart.
You are bound to be bound by yourself. How to destroy the enemy? Turn your enemy into your friend. You will find that those who have the most difficult to forgive, are the ones you need to forgive, the most difficult to let go of people, it is you need to let go of the people.
Jay Z as the king of pop rap gangster Justin Timberlake single "Holy Grail MV" new premiere! JayZ rap with boss delicate voice, sexy enchanting dance dancer, MV aura! As the JayZ's new album, the first single, this song is the first week of airborne BB eighth!
[DIY suannibairou] material: Net skin pig hind leg meat 250 grams, onion 2, 3 pieces of ginger, garlic, salad oil 1 tablespoon, sugar, vinegar and 1 tsp, 2 tablespoons soy sauce, a little pepper oil production: wash the meat, adding onion ginger. 1 tablespoons of salad oil, add the meat into the container, the high fire 4 minutes after removal, cut into thin slices. Pour the mix of sugar, vinegar, mashed garlic, soy sauce, pepper oil
You don't care too much for the people you don't want to. You can't change the world, but you can change yourself......
He and she can always accidentaly across the study room, library. I do not know when they are friends, read together, discuss academic. One day, I was reading a book by the glass wall. He asked her, "can you tell me something you have never told anyone else?"" She thought, "I'm interested in people......" He said: "I am also." "Who?" "She told me that she was interested in people......" She smiled and pointed to him in the back of the mirror.
Group, the son of the sale of the small hair of the small ball, the ball, good ah!
[three] the dish and reduce anger: cold chjcory has antibacterial, antipyretic, anti-inflammatory, eyesight and other effects. Chjcory taste slightly bitter, green color, can be fried or cold, clearing away heat is Food jiapin. The salad lettuce: lettuce sweet, cold, bitter, into the intestines, stomach and stomach diuresis can clear. The Liangban Kugua: with clear fire, nourishing qi, tonifying kidney, nourishing the liver eyesight.
["the equation of midsummer" exposure notice detective Galileo reproduces the big screen] starring Fukuyama Masaharu, popular television drama "detective Galileo" the movie "summer equation" recently issued the Theatrical Trailer. It also allows the audience again after a lapse of five years on the big screen to see a genius physicist Yukawa school figure.
Stone, two people make exchange solemn vows and pledges. Her wedding night, he left the bride to her childhood sweetheart. Tears. Meet again, he sees is a paper letter: Messire, personally can not blame, just want to ask you a question, you mind whether the Qie body? For three years, he found a coffin. He cried: "grave, lady, for the husband came late, so many years, I just for your disease!"
Nanning to carry out the construction site of the special rectification action on the site of the project, from 26 months, the Nanning municipal government to organize the implementation of the site entry and exit cleaning issues special rectification action was officially launched. The illegal construction of the enterprise, will be ordered to stop all project work in Nanning, even the company stopped marking inspection.
The feelings will experience the sweet, flat, this is a must go through. But you just have to live, how sweet, stand up all day, playing the romantic? The real love, is not the sweet words, but in my heart......
Love is the world of human love, the desire of the most intense one kind of emotion, the real love can awaken people's potential! And it was as sweet as honey, just right, such as sober soup like exciting and sober; sink in the unable to extricate themselves, and as "magic potion" like a confused and disoriented.
[Ag Chairman: the Shanghai Branch of the Bank of Taiwan NT business will soon start] according to reports, Liu Teng Cheng, chairman of the Taiwan bank said yesterday that approximately NT $20 million to 30 million yuan of cash, 2013 before the lunar new year will be transported to the mainland, due to the mainland of new Taiwan dollar funding needs. "Cross strait currency clearing memorandum of cooperation" signed, Taiwan's central bank in the same year Lin selected the Shanghai Branch of the Bank of Taiwan to
Girl friend at night with me in the living room watching TV, it's late I said to sleep ah?! With my girlfriend shamelessly, "husband, I want you to hold me in!" I looked at me and said, "come on, I'm giving you the bed."!!"
[Kangxi] the love in the entertainment world!
If really only in exchange for the heart, would rather exchange season flowers, even withered to aromatic Yuanyang, don't let worry so lonely broken. This sunny day, treasure all infatuation years of frustration, with little smile rendering a bright blue sky.
[wolf wolf]! Wolf! When I was young, we all heard the story! Who would have thought, this is not just a legend, this time, the wolf is really coming! "Wolf" is a cute style tower defense game. Unlike other tower defense, the defense and sliding screen shooting play together, so after making a good defensive tower, you are not idle stem stared.
[2013 Lanzhou logistics development research promotion will be held] recently, by the Gansu Commercial Federation to host the 2013 Lanzhou logistics development seminar and North Longkou international trade logistics city promotion will be held in Ningwozhuang hotel. Gansu Commercial Federation President Wang Yixiang, China real estate research will vice president Guyunchang experts are to be congratulated and describes the development of logistics industry in Gansu trading and open "Jincheng North Gate important
Is alright for you to feel wronged or have a good cry but, you should not let others see your weakness. It - you can be wronged, you can cry, but do not let everyone see your vulnerability.
[dinosaur friends] gameplay similar to famous social game "wind Monogatari, different is that this game is to stay cute pets as the theme, more Q version of the design, sister paper will be shouting cute! At least, Xiao Bian will be very willing to try such a game so Adorable!
[parents education child avoid seven forbidden language] 1 "you are the elder sister, want to let the younger sister." 2: "this is the sister's toys, sister to play with their own." 3: "which is a good one to love." 4: "brother, a man, to accompany him to play." 5: "she is our home, we have the right to call her." 6: "I had to play in front of the guests left aunt? To punish you!" 7: "what is the name of the child
In the crowd, as well as the past streams of people busily coming and going. Watching the scenery along the road, watching the passing of the road, suddenly, I hope myself, just like this has been moving forward, never end. Regardless of who is who's warm, and who is who in passing, who in the decorated with who dream, who in the interpretation of the story of who, who was who carved on the Sansei stone, who is who cry broke Rouchang, at this moment, are irrelevant.
The bigger the temper, the more the body is, the better the temper.
[Dongguan: high-speed toll policy to adjust the profit only a slight increase of 0.07%] according to Dongguan holdings disclosed in the annual report, last year the company achieved operating income of 7.37 billion yuan, net profit of 3.55 billion yuan, respectively, an increase of 2.57%, 0.07%. At the end of last year, Dongguan's total assets reached 5029000000 yuan, an increase of 0.82% over the same period last year.
The incredible table tennis skills of the table tennis is China's national ball, but if this big brother play, regardless of god horse plastic surface of the table tennis racket, I am afraid that the people of that one hand! All kinds of spin is a spike.
Beckham funny interpretation of Brokeback Mountain??? It is said that there are two men kissing and beckham. Who can help me find the two kiss in where?
[Avril "here's to never growing up" music video premiered] Avril sometimes stepping on the death of high-heeled shoes and sometimes witty playing skateboard ~ graduation season, with the song by forever young...
Every one of them will know how difficult it is to find the first job, the sea has hundreds of resumes, luck, you can get a few interview, luck and good, it is possible to get a job opportunity.
Japanese style of the living room, love tea look ~
Dry Dock Street Zhoucun real shot MTV Gongxi Facai
Bloom, and then die. The stars are bright, but the light will fade away. The the earth, the sun, the galaxy even even the universe will have the time of death, people's life and these things compared to absolutely what is like a flash, at such a moment. Human is born, laughing, crying, hate, joy, sadness, love, everything is just a flash of encounter, and finally all must belong to death of decease. "Saint Seiya" --
The psychological analysis of the woman is too reliable, the man is often unreliable. The more the girl is not reliable, the more you can find a reliable man. Women too will earn their money, they can not find a competent husband. The more you can do, the more you can do. The world is fair, and the men and women are always collocation. You have what, the other will be missing. So, don't let yourself be a heroine, that will be a hard life.
Vietnam hand foot and mouth disease epidemic spread 16 people died
Good science makes progress [] do daddy is a cause, need to continuously improve the level of their own. How to improve it? Reading The book not only can tell children's fairy tale story and why 1 00000, and you lost to little monkey and wits to your branch of the coup. Sometimes, do not read books do not know what the baby's cerebellar bag of melon in the end what Oh ~ ~
[immature parents five characteristics of] a lack of self-discipline, do not know how to restrain himself, only know how to punish children. 2 the mood was often about low EQ, the lack of rational. Often scold, even beat and scold the child. 3 do not want to learn, not good at to accept new things, be opinionated, have zero mentality. Immediately to be effective, quick success in the education of children. 5 children lack of belief and principle, repeat word for word what others say,
In the happy time like to shed tears, in contrast, the day of the pain is not flow. Accustomed to a strong face all. Live a good life, work well, and be good to the people and things around them.
Can you do that? Pull.
Violent cross-country car crazy jump
What wine there is truth is a lie.
Russian God Denis Pichugo Parkour highlights, these strokes are too violent, perfect interpretation of life is movement, movement shine!
Real walrus performs Sax
Every day 3 citrus not long meat, it can not only help you purify the body of toxins, containing pectin, dietary fiber, vitamin, calcium, copper, phosphorus, potassium, iron, etc.. Can fully regulate the female endocrine system, promote the digestive system, nervous system and cardiac function. The formation of tangerine fiber Queneng g neutral fat suppression, don't tear.
[laughs] - featured easily frightened the Scarecrow
A small cat playing billiards. There is love, the community is called a cat,..
Demonstration of Collocation: white long sleeved T-shirt + denim jacket + grey primer + black leather boots pants.
Some people say love is to accommodate each other all the shortcomings, I think there is a certain reason, but not entirely correct, I think it should be replaced by love is to accept each other's shortcomings, and try to help TA get rid of these shortcomings. Such two people will not quarrel, because they are not care about the life of small friction.
[pursue Galileo's heritage? October Xinfan "Galileo girl" new intelligence public] directed by yasuomi umetsu October Xinfan "Galileo girl" synopsis, new characters. Officials say this is a "Umezu Taechen style" that can be expected. In addition, animation and puzzle adventure and so on selling, they might have killed die!
[love anonymous fire constellation male first name: lion male know is born with a sense of superiority or the supercilious self-esteem, king of temper does not seem to be generally large, and often the ignition. Second place: Capricorn heart is very fragile, not the destruction of the emotional ups and downs, but the hearts of men the unpredictable, said no next second what will become. Third: Scorpio male
[bear children imitate animation "bear infested" plot toasted wood for heating caused fire] this two days, the domestically produced 3D cartoon the bear spotted Indiana Xiong Bing "aggressively at the screen and bear rivet, bears and head strong become hot word of mouth of the children. In Yinzhou, a bear children because imitation bear two wodden heating, triggered a fire, a man nearly died in the flames.
[the Maijishan Grottoes] is the important attractions of Maiji Mountain Scenic Area, the Maijishan Grottoes is one of the four major Grottoes in China, was hailed as the "Oriental Sculpture Gallery", other three Grottoes: the Longmen Grottoes, Yungang Grottoes in Dunhuang Mogao Grottoes and the. Maijishan Grottoes is the national key cultural relics protection units, is the world famous art treasures. Maijishan located in Gansu Province, about 35 km southeast of Tianshui in the fields of office, is a peak in Xiaolongshan mountains of Qinling Mountains in Western china.
[crazy (Crazy Shoot ER) ejection] casual puzzle games. You need to play crazy shooter, with Hawkeye like accurate and sensitive fingers, quick to help him jumping all wheels, destroy the aliens. And collect all kinds of tokens. The game has two segments of the effect, you can make more moves and try. How far can you go, the crazy shooter?
[interpretation of offbeat rock fields of whimsy car]
[granny is playing mahjong cerebral palsy granddaughter tied to the tree] 21 afternoon, Zhengzhou City by three Hongqi Road and road intersection a mahjong vendors, a white haired old lady touched the mahjong cards; not far away, a girl is more than 1 meter in the red rope leash right wrist, on the roadside tree; mahjong the share of female stall said, girl with cerebral palsy, always running around family deliberately let Grandma with her.
9 year old female Rhema sang the Titanic theme song
The United States, a 19 year old boy with mother bet successfully, and the remaining three boy "together, in one and a half days, only to spend $50 a roller coaster built in the backyard.
[garland personality Lamborghini lp700-4] is Lamborghini's new flagship supercar Lamborghini aventador lp700-4, Murcielago replacement models. Low body, scissor doors, all over the body around the huge glass under the engine air inlet and the take in everything in a glance. This is amazing, super handsome Lamborghini, love everyone, see flowers bloom, see car tire
The food habit is very important. The food is easy to deposit, and some food can protect the skin. So it's very important to pay attention to your diet. On weekdays should drink plenty of water, so that better regulation of the intestinal tract of the sediment, clean up the body of the garbage. Eat more fresh vegetables and fruits, especially tomatoes, lemon and other fruits, which contain vitamins can be very good to improve the skin, so that the skin becomes more white light
[the creativity and elegant invisible TV bracket] from hidden vision design, the scaffold can apply effective flat-panel TV and wire wrapped them, use gently press can very flexible bombs sent out, you can comfort of sitting or lying in bed watching TV; and when folded up, as it is a picture of the wall arrows painted, as if the bedroom never had TV.
As the saying goes: the past, the past, the future, but now, it is a gift of god. "Kung Fu Panda 2"
["Central Pacific" exposure Chinese version of mech poster China red design unique] sci-fi masterpiece "Central Pacific" tells a story against the humans emerged from the bottom of the giant monsters. Countries have developed a giant robot to fight monsters. To have a look of the film robots are set, they each have what tau capability and equipment! Chinese version of the robot is very cool!
Around the smoke filled into purple, fand, as if bathed in SG...
[winter sun weight loss] studies have shown that sun, lack of will induce you to a variety of snacks and desserts desire, such as cakes, cookies, ice cream, French fries and other. Because the sun can stimulate the brain in a hormone called five of the secretion of hormones, the five serotonin is excited, inhibit the function of appetite. Sedentary life in winter, less sun, five brain serotonin secretion reduced, less, you become depressed to eat.
That year, they fall in love at first sight, like all love lovers, such as paint like glue. Half a year later, his former girlfriend back to find him, in order to compensation owed to an ex girlfriend, he failed to live up to her, they because of all sorts of reasons eventually broke up. There are many kinds of breaking up, but whether it is because of what, don't to who yearned, broken mirror and eventually ends, you live well, is the best outcome to period of feeling.
A lot of people in love is free, because they do not believe in love.
[do you know these psychological commonsense?] 1. Clean people are more likely to be tolerant of others; 2. A happy marriage can help the female help decompression; 3. Dogs than cats are more conducive to physical and mental; 4. To himself is beneficial to health; 5. Angry wound slowly; 6. Moving furniture can improve mood; 7. People in hungry love spending money;. Single premature death rate than married half height;. Love of blush to be easier to forgive.
Among tho plants usands of people, you meet those you 've met. Through thousands of years, with the boundlessness of time, you happen to meet them.
1, the future of the world is full of hope. 2, the greater the responsibility, the more the more concerns. 3, as long as you are willing to work hard you can achieve the ideal. Like the 4, except for me, everyone felt good t much time. Dream of romance "--"
The only person I have to be better than is the person I was yesterday. We only need to 'conquer myself of yesterday.
One day I make my cousin. I: "how old are you?" He: "seven years old." I: "how old are you last year?" He: "six years old! Do you think I'm stupid?" Well, now the children are more powerful. I asked: "how old are you next year?" He was silent......
[Qingming come Harbin Petroleum College Students to pay homage to the martyrs cemetery of martyrs] the Qingming Festival comes, Harbin petroleum institute students to Haerbin martyrs cemetery to pay homage to the martyrs. March 19, the College of information engineering and computer science department of Harbin Petroleum Institute counselors and students came to Harbin cemetery of revolutionary martyrs, pay homage to the general Zhurui tomb, laid the wreath. At the same time, Harbin Petroleum College Moral Education Base awarding ceremony held.
[cut fruit 2: perfect version] log in to send a good gift, 80 diamonds free collar! Like "cool running every day", more love fruit ninja, a combination of both play the original leisure travel "cut fruit - perfect version of the" online friends, update hundreds of checkpoints, super game. Long time, fresh and lovely picture style.
[Hefei holiday is strictly prohibited subject contest training] Hefei City Education Bureau of the 26th morning briefing the 2014 Winter illegal make up a missed lesson special inspection, most of the schools can strictly implement the relevant provisions of the provincial regulations, fan school behavior, but there are also a few school crime against the wind. In any of the school and individuals shall not be unauthorized in the name of the discipline competition in holiday organization by a group of students to the school make up a missed lesson, and offenders, mutatis mutandis, illegal make up a missed lesson be dealt with. Via Hefei
[after the Spring Festival, Hangzhou car city flat prices almost didn't change] February 9 hearing, according to the understanding, years later, Hangzhou car city price reason does not change, on the one hand is because the Spring Festival has just ended, postganglionic new; marketing plan and price measures haven't enough time to develop; on the other hand, Hangzhou on the limited license "rumors constantly, most of the 4S shop is still in wait-and-see.
[respected business try Shanghai Volkswagen Passat V6 Ultimate] although it looks with the ordinary version of the Passat doesn't make much of a difference, although still seems introverted and rigid, but it is Shanghai Volkswagen cars only for a small part of the consumer's car, no new Passat 3.0L V6 still low-key and restrained, but is an upgraded version of the luxury business.
[Mitsubishi Outlander mixed dynamic release] Mitsubishi Motors will be on October 2, the opening of the Paris auto show released the Outlander PHEV Concept-S concept car, this car is the biggest characteristic is equipped with a plug-in hybrid propulsion system. From the official view, the Outlander PHEV Concept-S shape design is very avant-garde, seems to have a sense of science and technology.
Kaikaowa is an island by boat, up from Lyon to Azeri the hour of the island. In fact Kaikaowa includes many picturesque islands, small bay and the city. The bay is an all the year round natural harbor, the yacht hobby people like to come here to explore the natural scenery. Earthquakes occur frequently in Kaikaowa the north shore of the island, so some of the ancient houses has been sinking to the clear water to. As to generate a sinking city.
[singing] Mingsha mountain is a national key scenic spots. Is located in Gansu Dun goes Huang, the southern suburbs of the city seven kilometers to the Singing Sand Mountain, an area of about 200 square kilometers, East cliff top of Mogao Grottoes, Dang river reservoir is received on the west, the whole mountain by fine grain like sand accumulation.
[live in Shenzhen with a star child. Sub presence] every time, the children completed a simple action, with you playing the greeting of a surprise, she will very pleased. Children with autism not only need the care of parents, teachers, but also need to care from the community. Please give more attention to the "children of the stars", so that they can feel a little more of the world of joy, beauty, care and love
Sometimes you need to accept the fact that some things never go back.
Assorted shrimp] [1. All of the ingredients wash, carrots cut into Ding; 2. Pan pour oil will shrimp cooked stir Sheng, the speed should be fast to avoid fried shrimp and old; 3. Leave a little of oil in the carrot stir fry half cooked, down into the corn kernels and peas particle stir fry until cooked, the shrimp into the pot by adding less able to Xu Yanchao can be cooked.
[Sanya Nanshan] the sea Guanyin you go to see it? The integration of three statues, solemn, foot one hundred ` eight lotus throne, the Beckoning?
[summer driving as a nine note] summer, because the temperature is too high, spontaneous combustion, puncture, etc. incident can, in fact, as long as the proper maintenance of their own, can nip in the bud, below to see, the summer driving should pay attention to what the details!
Since the choice of beauty products Kiehl's a white, the BAA, with a series of ~ ~ ha ha
[] Harvard University motto: friendship with Aristotle, and Platon as a friend, but also make friends with the truth. MIT: not only learn to think, learn. University of Washington: the strength of the truth. Yale University: truth and light. University of Oxford: God is the God of knowledge. University of Cambridge: the ideal place for learning. Lehigh University: man is the understanding of nature and servant. Toure: free to accept, free
[Guo wearing a crown incarnation castellan beauty like: call me snow white] hearing on October 18, Beijing, Guo incarnation "Santo" will have a right to release the task. Plus, after the fourth crown crown self ridicule like beauty, you can call me princess!
Shortly before the release of the United Nations "[201 0 in the ozone layer consumption scientific assessment" spread the good news: under the efforts of all countries in the world, the earth's stratospheric ozone layer has been stop loss, no longer thinner. By the middle of this century to have a large degree of recovery. Ryan Barry of the World Meteorological Organization expert said: "the global ozone and the north and South Pole ozone has stopped the loss, but not yet."
Khaki sweater in each year are popular Oh, joker and stylish, black handsome warm coat and trousers collocation, fashion index up! Originally boring in Khaki black background becomes brisk -.
The most beautiful girl in the 90 coulee nuozha large wedding, you see what is called H beauty
The story of the people more weakness. And this life all weakness, almost all related to people. I do not know when I was sad, and the merciless is also fearless. Experience gradually rich, the feeling of the scars to help us slowly grow into a mature shape. Gradually found, there is always somewhere, not easily touch, pain.
Scorpio's child, a little, stupid, a bit crazy, a little silly. Sometimes nerve. Cherish the friends, really treat. In the face of love, fear of injury, love to escape. Sometimes very unfeeling, but still. Very lazy, afraid of loneliness. Love quiet, love to write things. Meet the Scorpio children, please cherish.
Hongkong dog to locust Song Emperor worm - from ARHO SUNNY
In November 22, 1989, the world's largest miniature scenic spot: "Splendid China" opened today in Shenzhen. The scenic area is located in the beautiful scenery of the Shenzhen Bay, covers an area of thirty hectares. It in accordance with the geographical map of the our country, 74 has necessarily represent her attractions, are miniature re creation, was hailed as "a step toward history, one day has a good swim China". The scenic area by the Hongkong China Travel Agency and the Shenzhen Special Administrative Region of China
Dear Cancer: if nothing had happened, the original is the best revenge. Why not be the person to prove what, live more plants for their own good.
Lincoln had a dream that he was in the assembly, and when he was walking, the crowd gave him a way to let Lincoln go. Lincoln listened, said: friends, God, look like ordinary people, so he gave birth to many ordinary people face!
Just be yourself and one day you will find someone who loves you for eve no rything you are~~~ do most authentic self, one day you will find someone, he will fall in love with you all.
FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK, this problem has troubled me for many years.
[Wuhan horse racing festival start today] at 10:00 on October 27, 2013 national speed racing championship and the 11th China Wuhan International Horse Racing Festival in eastern Oklahoma City International Tournament Podesta Racecourse grand start, Wuhan citizens can enjoy close 11 in a high level of race.
Chongqing painter Deng Jianqiang in Beijing to do a solo exhibition of the wind - Deng Jianqiang personal works exhibition in the domestic "highest art palace" - the end of the Chinese art museum. The exhibition of 36 pieces of painting, Chongqing painter Deng Jianqiang's painting works. Among them, the lotus as the theme of the work: the product has caused the attention of the audience and the critics.
If one of the successful rate is 1%, the 100 times that the probability of success at least 1 times? Alternative answers: 10%, 23%, 38% from 63% -- 63%, the correct answer is. Calculation method: the success rate of 99%, the failure rate of 100, 37% times, the total failure probability of 99% to about 100, at least 63% success. Seemingly impossible things in repeated attempts in the success rate will continue
Want to be a good soldier! The army is simply building base ah metrosexual man!
[Beijing June new buildings must be green] what is the green building? This is the first standard in Beijing in the country, the requirements of residential energy efficiency standards reached 75%. June 1st, Beijing new projects will be mandatory requirements to reach a star and above standard. A star including areas within 500 metres should have more than two bus stops, area with the construction of solar energy, sewage treatment, water recycling and other facilities, green area of at least 30%, and so on.
Three thousand, see light is a cloud, the troubles are many, would like to open is a sunny day. ------- prosperous 3000, bearish is ^ clouds; countless troubles, open is a sunny day.
[a new marriage registration, to reclaim the divorce certificate bride gas cry ran the discotheque] happy marriage registration has got the certificate of divorce, this let people depressed "joke" is not funny. December 20th, Fuxin, a pair of new people on the stalls on such a "Tim blocking" thing. Yesterday, Fuxin Mongolian Autonomous County Civil Affairs Bureau marriage registration office responsible person admits mistakes in the work, may free to re submit and give appropriate economic compensation.
Sagittarius the biggest shortcoming is emotional as, situation will be naive idiot long winded glued people believe people; some conservative and often jealous; dead face; cold war; by the injury will disappear, even standing in front of you, let you cold enough. So, don't cheat hurt her, because Sagittarius is good, no bigot, you just give a striker plenty of reasons to dispel doubts of his so he was you captured the.
Shenzhen Songgang [EC building] "get together the public offer of new town centre" "double subway"...... Hundreds of thousands of sets of high-level residential district, the price is about 5000 yuan per square meter. Recently, many people call the newspaper, reflect in Baoan Songgang street from Baoan highway and Guangzhou Shenzhen Expressway intersection, a large village system building is open to the public sale, and questioned the legitimacy of the reporting and approval procedures of.
Last year about a trip to the Beijing tourism, who knows this year he has gone to the honeymoon trip. She did not blame him, the promise of a friend to compare with the personal happiness. - when you get off the car lost mobile phone naturally or half unconsciously, or not through his blog, then make blind and disorderly conjectures. &quot; miss, I can't catch her on you yesterday... Is your cell phone? &quot; &quot; well, thank you. &quot; &quot; no, I don't have to give money to me, I have something to go first. &quot; mobile phone in addition to hand more tickets
"The sound of music" was originally a Broadway as a musical repertoire, from of ninety-five nine years after the premiere of the has been unprecedented. "Prelude / Sound Of Music The"
Beautiful summer should have ice cream, as beautiful youth should have a bright smiling face. Immediately to the belt and ushered in June, some people say it is dark, because the college entrance examination. Actually, no matter what, at least in these three years, we worked hard, struggle, for youth, for the future, we have no regrets. Wish all the candidates have good results, but also to commemorate those who lost my youth.
[Jinan education language school to carry out the Ching Ming grave sweepers activities] Qingming Festival is approaching, to cherish the memory of revolutionary martyrs, promote the spirit of patriotism, to promote the construction of spiritual civilization, March 30 morning, Jinan secondary education in principal Gong Chun, the headmaster of the school, Liu Shuang, vice President Zhu Xiaoqian, under the leadership of the brigade Zhou Changzhen and six grade four class, six years. All the students to the hero mountain martyrs cemetery was grave memorial activities.
[make] lollipop sunshine, lollipops, rainbow... The best part easily! Lollipop! And the new game as a lollipop, you can make your own! Who doesn't love lollipop! Now you can create your own favorites! Mix the ingredients, you like the taste, the shape of the lollipop, then dig! Don't forget to share your masterpiece with your friends!
When parents let 4 years old British boy Zachary Cluett in help the vegetable, had a dream that he also did not think of will find such a wonderful potatoes. The little boy dug into a shape and size of the same as the rubber duck in his bathroom.
Beijing Museum of natural history is the first large-scale natural history museum in Beijing. It is mainly engaged in the collection, scientific research and popularization of Science in the field of ancient biology, animal, plant and anthropology. Beijing Museum of natural history by its advantages held regularly arrows characteristics of popular science activities, named "science and peace education base" by the United Nations Educational, scientific and cultural organization of the Chinese Organizing Committee.
[Chinese history of more than 400 of the emperor's only 7] fand lived 70, of which 5 live past the age of 80. The first row is the father of Qian Long, lived to the age of 89, in the 60 year. Second is the emperor Xiao Yan, 86 years old, in the 48 year. Third is China's only female emperor Wu Zetian, aged 82, in the reign of 15 years. Fourth the Song Dynasty emperor Zhao Gou, at the age of 81, in the 36 year, Jiangnan, struggling for life. Fifth Yuan Dynasty
The 12 constellation of the zodiac sign of the zodiac sign of success rate of 50%; 76%; 66%; Capricorn; 92%; 73%; 89%; 99%; 45%; 81%; 100%; 35%; 5%. Valentine's day, you will be successful?
[Shijiazhuang people's Square music fountain on 6 September officially running] on September 6, the fountain will be on September 6, officially running, the water in mid April each year to October 31: every day 20:30~20:40, 21:00~21:10 two, additional holiday 10:00~10:30 a field. City Garden Department to remind visitors, please do not enter the fountain Region - in the water fountain, so as not to slide down
[Guangzhou industrial and commercial detection facility: the hospital canteen dairy & quot; dirty & quot. April 26 hearing, the city administration of industry and Commerce recently detected in some edible oil, rice, aquatic products dry products, frozen drinks, honey, cake and soy products such as selling food aerobic plate count and total coliform bacteria group exceeded. And in the city's theaters, park canteen, hospital kiosks and other sales of 504 batches of dairy products, containing dairy food and individual special foods of the sampling.
In February 20, 1960, the central government decided to start the battle of Daqing oil exploration area. Since the beginning of September 1959 to 1960, the wells tried to dig out, Daqing region is a large area of reservoir tectonic belt, an area of more than 2000 square kilometers. Proven reservoir area of 200 square kilometers, the preliminary estimate, the recoverable reserves of 1 tons, up to the.
[13 batches of unqualified food in Beijing under the shelf] Beijing Municipal Food and Drug Administration informed on July 16, 13 batches of unqualified food is the city's off the shelf, of which there are four batches of Beijing estate products health indicators unqualified, including Wumart supermarkets Gaomidian North shop sells it "green earth Kang Tian" brand of raw taste purple chips were detected benzoic acid project unqualified.
[Guangdong Railway 5 male, passenger arrival nearly 70 million] February 6 hearing, as the Spring Festival holiday coming to an end, Guangdong railway has ushered in the years after the first round of return peak. I learned from the Guangzhou railway, Guangdong Railway 5 travelers approaching 700000, Guangzhou's 3 largest passenger train station to reach close to 400000.
[Milan Sports Newspaper exposure. A new army offer Barrios] hearing on July 8, Sassuolo boss always wanted lineup to have like the Paraguayans such world class players. Key it, the offer on the offer, but also to such a sentence: "" when Barrios, with the "from Guangzhou Hengda out of the survivors" (Original: dall'esperienza in Cina col Gu reduce
[mental reminder: workplace etiquette 20]: 1.we empathy; exept respect the boss;, do not care about little things; ahout low-key;, zuitian; the polite; but speak less and listen more; the thanksgiving; not punctual; and keep a promise; the bear strong; in normal heart; and praise; Kuanrong; can review their own; 16. Undisputed power; 17. There is no excuse; 18. Neatly dressed; 19. High efficiency. 20 unless necessary, don't be light.
[Tangshan City Red Cross held a fourth member on behalf of the general assembly in November 13th, the Tangshan City Red Cross fourth member congress held in the city government conference center. From the city county (city) District Red Cross, group members and member representatives 208 people attended the meeting. Directly under the relevant units, each hospital is mainly responsible for the comrades to attend the meeting.
[Libra woman money word under the beautiful smile, it seems that even stingy, Libra can pull out a like a waltz, like the elegant and. Stingy index:]]]]] difficulty index:]]]]] stingy tip: pay attention to the distribution of monthly evaluative models: 1 / 3 of the classic brand, 1 / 3 when the epidemic season, 1 / 3 of the plants the roadside stalls small goods. This will not only have a high-end place, but also to reflect their own style.
[in Harbin Jin Xiang Street viaduct early peak under the bridge amble not blocking the bridge on the eighth, clock by] on November 11, Harbin Jin Xiang Street viaduct bridge under the auxiliary road laying is completed, road marking, mark, traffic signals and street lamps, and other ancillary facilities also have been installed. Reporter 12 found that Xiang Street viaduct as Harbin first the Chengkou fast track has been highlighted, into 8 Township along the street at the end of the morning rush hour, earlier than in the past
This set of public seats in the two double chair for a unit where, together with a fixed bracket. In this way, it will be able to transform the seat angle direction according to the need, so that multiple seat closure, combination to become a disturbed the whole. In addition, plus a chair can be the whole turn off, so in the rainy days and sunny, but also to the public seating and the roof, is very convenient.
[, Suzhou: I and small trees grow together] on March 13 message, 12 Canglang Metro first experimental primary school of 264 third grade students grow day school for children too collective ten years old birthday. The children share the life of the cake, and the class as the unit, in the school planted six osmanthus tree.
A hat made of plush velvet, no sense of violation of discipline!!!
[in Wuxi City, the second session of the "migrant workers Photography Festival" on September 23, officially opened] on the afternoon of September 23, 2013, in 2013 the Wuxi Municipal government purchase of public cultural services - Wuxi the second session of the migrant workers Photography Festival, in Square Park Group on the 1st line control male heart site opening.
[People's Daily: Changzhou party newspaper front page to encourage housing not chastity] July 16, Jiangsu Changzhou party organ "Changzhou daily" on its front page headlines published the our city has to purchase a good time, "a text, in view of the personage inside course of study says the city has no prices decline in space, is the recent purchase of a good time. In this regard, people.com.cn commented, the local government. The "rescue" move, it is not moral behavior.
[DIY seafood fried Udon] 1 onion, green peppers, cabbage shred; 2. Shrimp peeled off the head and tail, excluding the shrimp line; 3. Pot to boil water and blanch the udon noodles boil for two minutes, then remove; 4. The pot after the oil is poured into the shrimp, onion silk, silk green peppers, shredded cabbage stir fry; 5. And then put into the boil for a short iron Udon to stir fry quickly; 6. Then add xee scallop dew stir fry for a minute or two after sprinkle pepper.
Lightcip is a 3D printing iPhone ghost Nightlight, as long as it will be deducted in the iPhone's camera position, and then open no arbitrary a flashlight app, it will instantly lit up and uniform distribution of light, let iPhone incarnation as a charming nightlight.
[Fuzhou first custom bus started operating 17 kilometers only 37 minutes] at 7:40 June 24 the day, Fuzhou's first custom bus lines bus from Jinshan bus terminus departure. 8 points and 17 arrived at the end station software park. A distance of about 17 km, with less than 40 minutes, 17 people became the first passenger line.
[winter such as spring Barkol Xi Hei Gou] black West Ditch is really wonderful mountain, Peak scenery, it buzzing flying waterfall, awed at the sight of the flyover Xiande, distant want to drop the "cliff fall pine", defying frost "snow lotus contend for spring", crystal clear and thorough "million years glacier and the vagaries of the Longmen and clean water are known to form natural picture scroll painting wins good, landscape.
