Nissan will add [two] Nismo which is a Juke Nismo RS, another is GT-R Nismo. Nismo GT-R will become the GT-R series is the most powerful production models. Cash GT-R is equipped with a 3.8L V6 twin turbo engine, the maximum output power of 545 horsepower. And Nismo GT-R will be on the basis of progress
He is playing Cuju side end to a king, he will thunder split up after the fall, found through! Seoul today Shidao changed, renamed Cuju football, national epidemic. His stunt "Yuanyang turn everywhere" mix to eat, but quickly became famous! He led the national team won the world cup, boiling! Triumph, praise him: your leaders met with this name! It's just a football hero. He scratched his head: Gao Qiu, general!
Tang Hede exposure on "tender version of brother Leslie Cheung's ashes" collectors, brother ten anniversary, is really a ripple.
["King Kong" banana banana banana wars] create new styles "King Kong" Banana Kong is a horizontal version of parkour game. Game background in the forest, players control the gorilla to eat banana running all the way, the game internationally to collect bananas increased scores, tableaux style are very good highlights the theme of joyful and lively atmosphere, background textures fine clear, each level scenery is also designed to be unique.
If I had the wings to fly away I'd, never leave the ground you stand Even on. even though I have wings to fly, and I will never leave you.
You think, if the girls don't hold together to buy buy buy, what will become of the world?
Most people will be in the hearts of the people will set a number: I want to earn a lot of money and so on. Work can give in fact far greater than this money, it occupies the most important day of the day, constitute the most important content and relationship, is a part of the future life.
[burnout] 1. The vast majority of people will encounter; 2, there is no challenge, repetition, complex relationships are core elements; 3, reason part in staff, more important is director and company culture; 4, excellent HR manager to found signs, design targeted programs; 5, tone hillock, arranging a new task is a kind of good method; 6, solve the office of interpersonal relationship, establish a culture. Less blame.
[Jiangxi] Luxi rain clear, in the hair, all year round is blue.
At noon to eat out with my wife, my wife was all bullied, stuck way. When they are ready to eat, I said: "how do I live with a disability out like." She shouted at once, "you brought a mental retardation!"
[Xinjiang Kashi, silk ancient trading port of gorgeous] is located in traffic thoroughfare of Kashgar, history is connected to the Central Asia, South Asia, West Asia and Europe's big channel and distribution of goods more. Chinese porcelain, silk, tea from here transported to Europe, there have been "goods such as Yun Tun, such as the prosperity of the swarm", known as "Oriental Cairo". "Marco Polo" referred to the first Chinese city is Kashi.
[7 of the world magnificent; ornate; fascinating waters! ] 1. Petunia flower beds, Yellowstone National Park, USA; 2. 5 flowers -- China Sichuan Jiuzhaigou. Stirling Range National Park, Queensland, Australia; 4.Laguna Verde -- Bolivia; 5. Jellyfish lake, West Pacific, Palau islands; 6. Rio Cristales Cano - - Columbia; 7. Volcanic lake country
The workplace should pay attention to the 1, to the right, to be under the wide. 2, the responsibility is better than ability. 3, remember, not to replace the work itself, rather than your.4, your image value. 5, you mean, the power savings, waiting for an opportunity.
[Video] Wuling Hongguang drive
This is brought about by Elisabeth so mez s creative boat tea bags, when it soaks into the cup water, the boat will float, and bags is like ship is anchored close to the shore, sink to the bottom of the cup. However, when you are comfortable taste this chewing tea, beware of the boat together with water into your mouth oh.
Is a chord in life not, a solo. Love love is a chord, not a solo.
Maybe your life is not rich; maybe your work is not satisfactory; maybe you are in adversity, you may be trapped in the situation. Whatever the reason, you go out, be sure to put herself beautiful fresh, Angtou chest, smiling, unhurried manner to face life. As long as you really happy, no one can overwhelm you, how strong is the real strong.
Misunderstood when a slight smile, which is an accomplishment; wronged to calm smile, which is a kind of generosity; suffer when the happy smile, which is a kind of open-minded; helpless when optimism of a laugh, this is a kind of state; when danger can calm smile, which is an atmospheric; be contempt to calm smile. This is a kind of self-confidence.
[garlic Qiaozhi toothache] doctor of traditional Chinese medicine thinks, garlic Weixin, warm in nature, detoxification, insecticide, stagnation of Qi, warm the spleen and stomach, consumer product, diet therapy product lag, cold pain in the abdomen, diarrhea, dysentery, ringworm sores and other disease. In our country folk experience in garlic toothache is widely used for, it is desirable single head garlic, peeled, put on the stove heat to a simmer, while it is hot cut, outside iron pain, garlic cool to change, continuous several effective; also desirable garlic mash, warm enough in pain point.
The old car was rear ended unaware of responsibility after claims to
The restaurant simply put on sirencanzhuo, remaining blank treatment, it seems warm and generous.
Today is the last day of the Spring Festival holiday, whether you are still missing in the past few days of leisure time? Never mind, the myth of "change" in Webpage Game Xuanyuan every day is holiday carnival, never stop! In the "change" Xuanyuan game will BOSS in the family for the majority of game player sent gift, to help you a helping hand!
[Ili Kashi River in Ili Prefecture of Xinjiang to 100 in the picture name Tang cloth La Prairie to the road, will meet the Kashi River secondary forest park. The secondary forest and Kashi River and the surrounding mountains form a beautiful picture, in the autumn of more enchanting scene.
Genoa goalkeeper DiNatale easily leak bizarre mistakes
If one day, when you have a dispute with the person you love, you let him (her) to win, then he (she) and won what? What? What do you lose? Lose what? This win and lose, but the idea of the text, we most of the lives are wasted in the language of the language of the dispute. In fact, the dispute in many times, did not leave any win, but lost a lot of the cherish affection.
Father must teach the child. Now more and more of the new generation of fathers in a child, think that children are more important than work, or at least think that children and work as important. Father should teach these things: move together, relax venting, adventurous, begin to do want to way, the their "unique skills" taught to children, love my mother, do the housework, honest and polite, making many good early experience.
[psychology to remind you to remember, your youth is not to be confused, and the time should not always lonely, the world will not because you are to travel becomes better, even if don't give up your day by day quickly old. So, please don't dwell on their love and sadness, do not fall in your wet long adolescence cannot extricate oneself. And you need to care about and think about the wider world, and then grow and grow.
Heap heap collar design not only put tight neck does not let the wind blowing, and levels of effectiveness, colorful ethnic customs stamp show different charm you.
You forget a person for a lifetime, because, you do not try to forget, but has been in the memory, in the hope that in the dream.
Swim thoroughly, no doubt become nowadays many young people the way to travel, but no matter what, safety is always the first.
Let yourself in a warm, comfortable environment, work, more than friends, do not have time to contact friends, not a good time to talk, in fact, as long as the car on the road to talk about a dozen minutes to talk about, can make a big difference.
[the three partners on the bus to get ready to get on the bus, a good paper towel, "the three partners" free "maid bus" will be randomly docked in Shanghai City, the main trunk road, the specific route will be based on the destination of the passengers in the bus to change. Bus body close to the three partners, banners, frequently traveling in Shanghai major roads, to bring the convenience for the people, also attracted many cock wire stop onlookers.
The biggest enemy is himself, the biggest failure is arrogant and greatest ignorance is cheating, the greatest tragedy is jealous, the biggest mistake is abandon the most admired is diligent, the biggest bankruptcy is despair, the greatest wealth is health, the largest debt is the debt situation, the greatest gift is forgiveness, lacking is the insight, the most gratifying is giving, the most miserable temperament istheinferiority complex, the biggest sin is self deception.
[they are Xixinyanjiu constellation male] Aquarius (Champion: like the fresh things), Gemini (runner up: everywhere mercy), third (Pisces), the four (Sagittarius), the five (Libra), the six (Scorpio), the seven (Capricorn), the eight (Aries), the nine (taurus) and the ten (LEO), 11th (cancer), the 12th (Virgo).
Have the opportunity to go to the scene to see ~ ~ soda green field interpretation of the "he summer," "like lonely"
Big brother, who do you tattoo this tattoo?
[grapefruit] grapefruit is definitely the king of fruit weight loss and its acidic substance can help to increase the digestive juice, thereby promoting the digestive function and nutrients more easily absorbed. In addition, grapefruit contains rich vitamin C, about a grapefruit contains 100 mg, not only can eliminate fatigue, but also beautify the skin. Most importantly, grapefruit sugar less, lose weight during vitamin C supplementation to the most appropriate.
[walnut double vegetable fried rice] peas and corn to the boiling water, boil hot immediately picked up the drain, the egg into the rice, stirring evenly, the pot heat oil, add peas, corn, mixed rice and fry into the salt, monosodium glutamate, plus walnut and green onion stir fry evenly.
[10 habits are urging people to drink less. The heart is small: a heart resentment leads to increased pressure. To rub the eyes: damage to the eyes of the collagen, causing the capillary rupture, and then produce wrinkles. Don't leave the regular vacation: give yourself a breather. The sweets: sugar can accelerate the aging of all parts of the body. To eat junk food. The smoke. The alcohol. To lose weight before exercise. Stay up late.
If you do not try, you are not qualified to criticize others do not care. It's easy to complain, but to shut up and try to be more worthy of respect. -- He Jiong
Wheelsandmore modification of the Audi GT.0 -100 Km/h R8 acceleration of only 3.3 seconds! Speed up to 335 Km/h! Handmade stainless steel sport exhaust system, 20 inch matte black light wheels, remote control hydraulic lifting suspension, in poor road conditions can improve the 40mm.
[mysterious Lamborghini spy or for special edition Gallardo] this was photographed the road test is called Lamborghini Gallardo Squadra corsa, foreign media that it is super Toreo Stradale of the facelift. This car is the official did not give any statement, see the front bumper and side skirts it from the spy photos have been upgraded. We can also see the huge tail and movement of the rear spoiler
[sad when your first reaction] test finished a series of final exam, a friend seek for you to the outer islands vacation together, but now you just want to rest, you decide everything were arranged by the God, see tomorrow wake up the weather, will want to see is what kind of weather? A. no clear what cloud sunny B. all over the sky clouds, cloudy and cool weather C. have the dark days, like it's going to rain the weather D. many special shape cloud
A loose Plaid Shirt denim shorts concise. Loose shirt is not bound to the orange belt, hit a retro ride. Denim shorts is clean and fresh, a nude sandals, playful young. The check shirt is on the jeans. A typical college ride, it will make you remember!
Get tired! Two the owner of the goods, the owner of the old pinch the people of the home meat and face. .
[tell you why to face every day, always out of oil?] actually, the basic reason for the skin susceptible to oil, because the skin water oil balance. So the dry skin itself will the secretion of oils and fats instead of water, if not properly conditioning, acne, pores, dark yellow, pock, pox and India spots will be struck!! Beauty of the parents, the skin of oil, it is a distress signal to send out.
[children in different stages of oral care (two)] 6 ~ 12 months: salt water graze teeth. About 6 months, the baby's teeth begin to grow, yes or no? This time, Baba mama will help baby "teeth". You can use fingers wrapped sterile gauze, with saltwater graze teeth each surface. Dear, baby teeth need not in accordance with the two sooner or later to give the best, according to several times a day.
90 F Cup "Cherry sister Tammy goddess Indoorsman" system
No pain, no pain, only a humble happiness.
[winter how to enhance the resilience of the baby] 1, do not make baby cover tightly, within 3 weeks of the baby can be in indoor air bath, every 1-2 minutes, but the indoor temperature should not less than 20 DEG C; 2, the best bath, bath time should be at room temperature between 18-20 degrees, the water temperature should be between 35-36 DEG C; 3, to bathe your newborn baby action to rapidly, wash after put the baby in the bath towel dry wrapped;
Friend, give Shi Dongpeng &amp; Liu Xiang
Has a suit neat appearance of wool vest, and highlights the elegant feminine nude color collocation, can always bring extra sense of quality and winter stack wear of the outer cover, but also can bring a bit of fun for the winter dress.
Like Halloween cheerful atmosphere, the modern kitchen in addition to black and grey stone countertops cabinets, add flame orange cupboards and closets. Black box window simple atmosphere. Steel net, stainless steel pendant, increase the kitchen light, more light and spacious kitchen.
[] Gyeonggi Gyeonggi Province in the southern area of the Korean Peninsula is located in the South Korean capital Seoul, around a circle. The Gyeonggi region at longitude 126 degrees to 127 degrees north latitude, 36 degrees to 38 degrees, is a temperate climate, where known self worth.
Psychological analysis: stress damage memory, a Swiss scientist said, under the pressure of the human body released a hormone will greatly impair memory. This can explain why some people have a blank in the exam. Kelvin of the Institute of psychiatry at the University of Zurich, said the hormone cortisol is the culprit causing a temporary loss of memory. This hormone makes a lot of people in the state of tension memory is affected.
"Long Expecting" was premiered on 1992 Chinese Taiwan TV drama "Xin Bai Niangzi Chuanqi" theme song. This is the first song melody is exquisite, classic lyrics, catchy, the aftertaste is long, with a hit TV series "new White Snake Legend" is the pinnacle, become Chinese music sung rate one of the best songs, but also to become the white snake story and romantic love will represent the melody.
[Fengmen eerie shadows of a find a video image of the ultimate, prompted the publicity led the quasi sister-in-law smile to door village looking for the mystery of the missing brother Zhang Mo, encountered Alice Wenkai, small Tong ride, four people traveling together overnight in the broken hill temple, meet lost column compere humain and cameraman Lao Du, a six step by step cry quest Fengmen village coffin automatic opening and closing, photos are not supernatural eyes followed.
A righteous kuan!
Winnel Bec, Australian artist and designer. Her paintings delicate strokes, dense composition, as if suffused with morning mist in the soft light color, is difficult to imagine that kind of luster is colored pencil sketch.
Fantastic painting beautiful blue walls, white sofa sit holding multicolored pillow, will look to the beautiful scenery outside the window, the mood will be how?
The fish's mouth. Invincible.
People who want to earn a lot of money, people can earn much money. People who have the ability to earn money is difficult, the average person to earn more difficult.
The teacher said, if you want to commit suicide, all right, slowly, from the first floor began endure layer all have a try, to ensure that you do not want to die.
[27] Atlantica, Fetion team! Be born
Face in the long spot? The first 5 disaster you get in? ] because the mottled face, and white skin, nice features beautiful up. So the beauty of the girls do not hate the stain. So the question comes, in the end is what causes the long stain on the face? Look at the reasons for your secret splash.
Be a man, but the heart is a sea of people. Good or bad, we all accept it, and then quietly, continue to live. People try to be brave, is to learn to forget; people melancholy, because learn to camouflage. As a matter of fact, we are just a lonely child, eager to have pain, longing for love, eager to side forever not to oneself to say goodbye. Tired, squat down and hug yourself. Still stubbornly said, but so.
Life is a drama, you come to me to be it.
"A type" dresses, their style varies but can let you become this summer's Xing fashionable woman, regardless of color or color, regardless of casual style or style of dress "a" dress, you can by their own preferences to select.
The French mother is more profound than the punishment reward. When the child made a mistake, parents will certainly use some way to punish the child, in order to correct his mistakes, I hope he can grow better. But punishment is to tell the method, the wrong way again and again will only let the child produce reverse psychology. Only with the wisdom of punishing the children, can we truly achieve the purpose of children's education.
[women the most misunderstood eight health knowledge; menstrual diarrhea is not a normal phenomenon; the amount of red pepper is a woman of good tonic; the skin is not good may be is too much salt, black rim of the eye and gynecological diseases; the daily makeup may may increase cancer probability; a daily cup of milk makes you far away from the small belly Nan; emergency contraception can only be a year to eat a; quasi mother eat more fruits are beneficial and harmless to the fetus.
[eat buffet should grasp the six principles] 1. Diet should be varied; 2. Eat soup before; 3, eat vegetables and fruit; 4. Seafood meat does not taste of; 5. Drinks to choose the right; 6 coarse grain potato Mo sinks.
Around you, any worthy for you to spend time together, you are at risk will eventually lose unless you will lose tension to let you to choose a foolproof -- one for anyone who may not have any attraction.
[Jack] [gear Jack] [[[]] [[[]] [[[]] [[]] [[[]] [[]] [[[]]. The game in the "run" of the elements in the proportion of very large, but does not belong to the Parkour game. In addition, the game's action is also very rich, because the game is set in a complex of underground city, the players in the operation of Jack will encounter a lot of dangerous areas, at the same time, you have to play a variety of action smoothly through.
The love of this life, we must cherish, because in the next world even a little trace will not leave.
[how to create the perfect lip? ] feel pretty enough lip how to do? If the lips are partial to thin, smear lipstick will lipstick color cover its original lip, to create virtual lip, lip color, make lips look more plump. If the lips are too thick, you can use the foundation pressure over its lip, cover the thick part of the lip, and then smearing lipstick, you can create you want Yin Tao SIP!
Denmark Copenhagen Little Mermaid statue in the seaside in quiet contemplation, full of fairy tale temperament castles and palaces near is located in the city, ancient and magical, art and modern, this is the Danish capital - Copenhagen. The Danish Fairy master Andersen once wrote many children's books here.
[church] Suzhou Dushu Lake Dushu Lake church is Suzhou's largest and most beautiful Christ Church. Alone villa lake Church of Christ the religious teachings and the artistic elements of the tight binding and the infectivity of religious art to enhance the penetration and influence of religious doctrine, highlighting the aesthetic value of the church.
The cat was so excited.
Long acne regardless of age] teacher summary: regardless of age, gender, color, race, the cause of acne is probably the same. Acne, a common physiological disorders may appear to be relatively mild or severe, it may lead to severe scarring, and in between 11 and 50 years of age may appear, 99% of the people will be in infection acne.
In life, to go a lot of ways: there is a way can not turn back, that is, there is a way can not be refused, is the way; there is a way can not be lost, is the way; there is a way can not stagnation, is the road; there is a road can not forget, is the way. Full of confidence along each road at the foot, every day of your life will be very exciting.
Gorgeous color is the symbol of summer. Don't worry. Bra dress, skirt long paragraph mopping the floor do you like?
The police report: the criminal sheriff, I get cornered have fled into blue, the home secretary. Sheriff: why don't you follow? Policeman: I feel shy to be left with nothing whatsoever, leading home..
The beauty of a woman is not much of a relationship with the beauty of the outside, but in her outlook on life, values, ways of life, and the ability to work for others. As a woman, not beautiful, really have no relationship; might as well make their lives more beautiful.
Once, love a person love for many years. Finally one day, found themselves no longer love, but no imagination in the joy. Heart suddenly empty down, do not know who can love. Afraid to fall in love with a person like this again, but the loss of a loved one can be lost. Such a tangle of feelings, will someone understand it?
Myth world Wu Bin super handsome photo collection
Bus, not easy to wait for a, but simply not on the squeeze. Then the driver and I said, I launch a car first, slow down, you're running in the back of the car. I wonder what does that mean? With a run in the car behind the buttocks, seeing the car a few meters, all of a sudden a slam the brakes, the passenger car control not to live in the body, all backward car ahead, back all of a sudden vacate fine big a place. At this time, driver brother proudly greeted me "
[siege master Castle Master 3D)] tour has been extended to the Android platform can now download, game can achieve full 3D siege warfare picture, the Q version of the screen style. Game player will lead the army rattling, the map has a total of 45 castles, you have to help them get rid of the shadow of pluto.
[Fab design modification MP4] Fab design modification MP4 scheme as early as in Japan the SEMA show. Now it for the McLaren MP4 convertible version of enhance the "fighting", is still not air kit, don't know the modified tail do you like? The new sports exhaust system is not small, so that the power output increased to 630 horsepower, fine decoration is also a bright spot.
[3] a very good tennis game, you can easily get started, the game has a good 3D screen, and the game process is very smooth, there is no delay, while the game will be interspersed with many of the rules of tennis teaching, it is worth downloading the tennis game.
The "revenge" and the myth of the box office
[dolomites] dolomites, also known as the Dolomites is Italy northeast corner of hill of the gathering place, numerous peaks and peak make it became Italy's most charming mountain. Here are the best wildlife and alpine plants. In the idyllic valley deep place, you can also enjoy the flowers dotted the lawn and the quiet of the ancient village.
The original older memory is poor, only know that eight hours a day is 24 hours, work eight hours, eight hours of sleep, rest, do not know what to do. Only to find a you feel like to go to, and do not despise you, we hug hug hug, deceive each other, spent the rest of the eight hours. ---- "love you eight hours a day."
Laissez faire education "this is a responsible way of family education. Parents think that children are "adults do not control, management refuses to adults", busy with work, business or doing business to make money; for the children just life security, and for the child's inner world, lift hobbies, academic exchange dragon Yigai indifferent, even in front of children not misconduct your behavior.
I can see you my body is with you and, when I can't see you my heart When with is you. see you my body and you together, can not see you my heart and you together.
The Blue Ridge Park Road, known as the "Best American highway," across the United States and North Carolina, Virginia. When autumn comes, the leaves are yellow and red, red, yellow and green. In addition to tours during this period of autumn, the park road can also be engaged in riding, camping, hiking and other activities.
My long black so I'm absorbing, and then I was more black, then I was more heat, and then I was more black, and then I was more heat, and then I was more black, and then I was more heat, and then I was more black, and then............
[stain] for a lot of women to be panic, in addition to the impact of our image, especially in twenty-first Century, women work has become a part of life, splash can affect some of the promotion, the stain on our most important is the psychological impact, because the face has become withdrawn.
Hanzhoung Hanzhoung Shaanxi basin is the hometown of rape, the flower of rape. Bloom every year, like a yellow sea. Million acres and is in full bloom, between heaven and earth, glistening straight to Hanzhong decorative into a huge landscape bonsai, is one of China's most beautiful scenery.
[children ride 9 don't] 1. Don't let the children sit copilot; 2. Don't holding a child, infant safety seat 3. Don't let the children out of the sunroof; 4. Don't let the children in the back enjoy playing; 5. Don't put the children alone in the car; 6. Don't let the car around the toys; 7. Don't drive in funny kids play; 8. Don't let the children themselves on and off; 9. Don't play window.
[Baiyun Mountain] mountains of great momentum, undulating hills, valleys. The existing mountain monuments Pu Jian, Qin Zheng Anqi legend for building a house in which.
["how the wind blows" without moment intention children Professor pro, you will before taking the children to a guest of someone's home tell children "can not just turn other people's things, into each room should be obtained from the owner's consent" and so on? The language sounds right, but in this way to teach children to judge a person's emotional state, it will lead to children in interpersonal too sensitive and delicate, the better way is by precept and example is better than precept.
Cow boy Yang Yaxi 02
Look, I have never seen a handsome boy.
Join in play, defeating in step down. Need mutual cooperation between the members in any group, rather than defeating each other, so you can win. As the proverb says: join in play, defeating all down. Remember this sentence.
Role profile to create their own! The Dragon Age: the trial "the advent of the first mod clothes] Dragon Age: the trial" has been on sale, and other PC games, this RPG also need to some mod embellishment. And now, a DAI called Tools MOD tool is being rapidly developed, and the rapid progress, by many players look forward to.
I'm the one you want. One day, you will find that, in addition to me, no one else. Even if you take apart the number of candy paper, will never forget me. - "the girl who ate the girl."
In the morning of the Phoenix, is like this.
With my heart, to hold your hand. Pass my heart, I want to beat you. With my heart, to hold your hand. Let the love spread to each other, such as the spring breeze warm. With my heart, to hold your hand. I put my hope and blessing to each other. Learn to give up, let each other can have a more relaxed, love does not necessarily imprint is engraved on my heart. covered all over with cuts and bruises.
The original time and can not erase all of our hearts. Some people, some things, after the passage of time, will become more of the imprint is engraved on my heart.
Regardless of the moment we have no one to love, we must strive to be a love of people!
"Sex guru" from both sexes relations to analyze a woman's character, may than the simple analysis of her style of doing things more directly and precisely, so put Dr. masters in violation of the provisions of the gossip deemed to in-depth understanding of the work partner. [laughing] and his discovery does make me more like Virginia. And Bill's own childhood shadow is also a pity. In the knowledge of sex, this episode shows masturbation.
The original baby is a born dancer, too adorable, really cute! Baby, your diapers off ~ da!
One's life, the first responsibility is to make yourself happy, and then it's possible to make the people around you happy because of you.
Emerging fashion Girl It hit ray sister just red
Next life, I want to be a boy, marry a girl like me.
Live in Beijing Tianjin Hebei 20120121 dragon CCTV Spring Festival evening watch inventory
[white gourd slices to bags under the eyes] everybody knows melon is a diuretic and removal of body moisture, in addition to eat can detoxification swelling, and topical can away from the bags under the eyes caused by various ruin the image. Method is also relatively simple to use. After the slice is deposited around the eyes, and then take the next 15 minutes. In doing this before do not need to have the skin care cream base.
She secretly likes him, one year, two years, three years... Several years later, she got married, the groom is not his. No one knows, she rejected him a year ago. Not not like, not waiting for tired, but, can not be unique, like how
Designers take full advantage of the space and good ventilation and ventilation of these two advantages, the creative transformation of its working area. Space furniture with light brown, create a quiet and elegant atmosphere, it is easy to make children learn meditation.
Ministry of education in Beijing held a focus on educational information technology to implement the party's eighteen major spirit, the implementation of the important deployment of Comrade Liu Yandong in the national education information technology work on television, seriously sum up and supervise the work of education information, recently, the Ministry of Education held in Beijing, the focus of educational information technology conference. Vice Minister of education Du Zhanyuan attended the meeting and delivered a speech.
Women usually do not have a charming love? I meet her! Don't you love the upper hand? I meet her! At the crucial moment and then come up with a hand brake to subdue the mace, not afraid of her! This is a small fish to catch a great deal, gain ten thousand percent...... -- "marriage security war"
Scirocco cup Guangdong Station beautiful.
No reason to smile to everything, too close not to say, will also work for ear soft and hard to adhere to the principle of the hand. The result of the traffic light is the advent of their own professional red light.
"300 warriors" rumored new exposure Eva Green &amp; Lina Heidi female man against. The set to join the new Queen Elizabeth class cast AVA female green interpretation of the Persian army commander, strong elder sister gas beat man and a number, almost become the first leading role. In a notice only hear the sound of the Spartan queen Lina Heidi also finally in this notice at the end of finale debut. Two female man is expected to face confrontation.
[the world's greatest ten formula] 1, Maxwell's equations; 2, Euler's formula; 3, Newton's second law; 4, the Pythagorean theorem; 5, mass energy equation; 6, Schrodinger equation; 7, 1 + 1 = 2; 8, de Broglie equation group; 9, Fourier transform; 10, round the circumference formula.
[survey says immigrants buy many scams intermediary a single earn 20 million small] "purchase granted residence in" the European governments are somewhat ambiguous policy, to the domestic part of the agency, they become immigrants optimal way. A domestic intermediary sales consultant said, like Latvia this country, the general intermediary agencies are not to do. Because the intermediary fees earned 200000 yuan only, it is small."
As a fat man, I felt a deep sense of malice.
[dream three] a day a dream I was a primary school student! I love the Yellow butterfly! ~
I also want a hat like that!
[up the bar! Young talent show fifth period] Zuo Yi and Victor Wong chorus love songs, was ridicule adolescent symptoms. Zuo Yi obediently gentle image, prompting the crowd favorite unceasingly, the victor and the cooperation sing love songs, deep into the more electric countless fans, have been still in the period of mutation of Zuo Yi, Gao Xiaosong ridicule symptoms adolescence.
[mortal Wonderland Nie Marlene] heard a place called Nie Malong hidden repair Celestine Samye monastery in the North West, it is Padmasambhava Honghua place, practice environment can be comparable with the Green Park ditch. Because of the high mountains and steep slopes and difficult road, few people can go there to worship. The legend of Padmasambhava in the building after the closed door practice in the monastery, there 4 years, after a boulder was dissolved into. Many rocks there is visible on the left foot master Padmasambhava.
Don't care what other people think about you. It's up to you to make up your mind. People in your atmosphere, to learn on their own, if that can make you satisfied, I am willing to accept that and believe me, really understand you never will be because of some of those who, not deny you!
[science paste: Autumn weight-loss diet planning] 1, with whole grains and root vegetables food instead of staple food, such as corn, potato, potato and so on to replace the staple food. 2, with a small number of times as a principle, a reasonable diet. 3, fresh water more plant foods, eat some seasonal fruits, to eat plant protein rich foods, such as beans, eggs and meat. 4, food and cooking stew, less oil and less salt. 5, liquid, semi liquid food
You have been feeling well lately? "During the Spring Festival, you go to the other side of the house to eat, which of the following circumstances you will feel the most embarrassing? [A] is not careful to eat the symbol of the year of the fish, [B] the symbol of wealth to the waste of the C. (Figure).
Strong Latin flavor struck! Enrique Iglesias joint gente de zona and Descemer Bueno is Spanish for the new single "bailando" MV officially released, exotic amorous feelings do not have some flavor.
[creative clothing collection] those creative full of clothes ~ ~ do you dare to wear?
People who know how to love, only to find a bosom friend; know how to be grateful, will find a friend.
Two. I like the main force person, I would like to I am not like you. You like the original understanding.
[Chengdu righteousness brother micro film 25th morning released] made through two days of shooting and a night and a day later, 24 morning 4 am, "righteousness elder brother" micro film is preliminarily into the film was finally released. These 3 days, the pre preparation, on-site shooting, post production...... 4 making will be strict in one's demands. Stay up late to finish post production, four pats a guest gathered together to watch the film, a heated discussion, put forward opinions and determined to amend the proposal.
[homemade fried noodles. Cabbage shred, onion mince; 2 hand rolling surface into the boiling water pot cooked, then remove once too cold, control the water and mix well with a little vegetable oil;. Pan pour oil, add chopped green onion and then add the minced meat, stir fry until color, add chili sauce, soy sauce, salt, chicken powder, cooking wine; 4. In cabbage stir fry, and then the next into the noodles, add a little water, simmered for a while Gaigailve, the noodles and vegetables and stir well.
[twelve stars female which is the most difficult to serve] Aries, a bad temper; Taurus -- it is not straight, Gemini - mercurial; cancer, sticky; lion -- miss; virgin -- a critic, Libra, smug pepper, Scorpio -- betrayal of those who die; striker - Playboy king; Capricorn - Ninja lack of gentle; water bottles too tangled; Pisces, blurry egg.
If you dream more than once, it will come true.
The most shocking flash in the domestic social morality
What is "influence"? Influence can be used as a wind vane, the influence of other people's thinking and action. Today, the social media diversity, social media marketing activities to form the interactive communication to become a new way of advertising to guide public opinion. The interest COO will bring social media marketing strategy and operation of the depth of the anatomy of the actual combat marketing
[4 teeth whitening small folk prescription. Chewing fruits and vegetables, chewing Cuisheng raw fruits and vegetables can reduce the residues of food pigment. They are like natural toothbrush. 2 pay attention to the food residue, the residue of food will damage your teeth. 3 cheese, can prevent tooth decay, and promote enamel regeneration. 4 sugar free xylitol chewing gum, acid-base balance can balance the mouth and promote the secretion of saliva.
In the evening when the content of blood in the blood for a day of the peak, insulin can make blood sugar into fat in the blood and the wall of the condensation on the wall and the abdomen, dinner eat too much, over time, people will be obese. At the same time, the duration is usually a long time of a big dinner, but also damage the body's normal biological clock, easy to make people suffering from insomnia.
Wuhan Jianghan District to build a total of workers home, a few days ago, in Wuhan City, Jianghan District Trade Unions on behalf of the eleventh, the district general trade union party secretary, executive vice chairman Fang Huahui told reporters that the district construction workers house of the grand blueprint.
Floating sofa, not so cool ah!
Long distance relationships and insist on two years, not only has not wavered. She also said that love each other more, with her exact words is love him to death. The boy didn't car, the ordinary wage earners. She half jokingly said a sentence let me as a boy was very moved by the words: "if my parents future because he didn't have the car, do not agree with the we got married, I fait accompli, then they do not promise to...... Is the first pregnant with the child."
Deep excavation of scarce parking spaces...
[sword of the spirit, the Terran women sexy fashion exhibition, collecting part of the sword of the spirit, the role of women in the fashion show, to play with the classmates can wink addiction ~
[spicy mustard fried shredded meat] 1. Lean meat washed and shredded add salt, sugar, chicken, raw powder with Shouzhua uniform added a spoonful of corn oil mixing evenly, marinated for 15 minutes; 2. Green peppers seeded shred, heat a pot pour a little oil into the pork with chopsticks planning scattered until cooked; 3. Wash the pot heat oil into after adding chopped green onion and garlic stir incense after adding green peppers fried soft, add mustard to stir fry for 1 minute, add pork stir well transferred to salt can be.
[5] the correct skin care habits turned tender mm habits: the optimum wash temperature is 3840 DEG C, lukewarm water. Habit two: saturated cotton stiff, stop beating skin with it. Habit three: do not let the sky on the spot, whitening and preventive maintenance. Habit four: remover don't rub their faces too long, just 40 seconds. Habit five: to help the normal operation of the skin metabolism, 20 head of anti - old not too early.
[children often wrestling may arthritis mischief] arthritis is a common chronic disease, to the elderly is more common, if three or four years old baby suffering from the arthritis, a lot of people will with a grain of salt. Orthopedic doctor remind of childhood arthritis etiology may be infected with the virus, trauma, bacterial infections and allergic reactions (anaphylaxis), children during a cold if leg pain and other discomfort, or often wrestling, parents should be vigilant
Zhu Yi Umbrella Black, white and grey tiled red mist, the breeze ripples shocked passers-by, morning, people in the dream is red.
[red] want to thin waist, thigh red beans and fix for without the exercise habit, like starch, sweet, thick thighs not only headache and quite difficult to slim down parts of, the red beans contain rich vitamin B1, B2, protein and a variety of minerals, for the blood, diuresis, detumescence have very good effect. With the red bean method, said, especially for the effect of the waist and thigh, particularly evident.
It's dogged that does it. nothing is difficult, if you put your heart into it.
Google two founder still take $1 annual salary of CEO Schmidt pay doubled according to foreign media reports, Google submitted Friday regulatory documents show that last year, Google's two co-founder Larry Paige and Sergei Brin still only receive a nominal salary of $1, while the executive chairman Eric Schmidt's pay more than doubled, reaching $19300000.
Just to fight for themselves, only to live in love, as long as this world and to make me feel alive and happy existence of the killed people I will not disappear. -- "
Get rid of one of the highest marks in the removal of a minimum of ~ ~ ~ ~ ~ 9.7~
Do not be required but you feel good. This shows that you are the "game" of the master. An example: I will put the annual work summary, details, and all costs to the board of directors of a trend. I did not need to do this, but many of the CEO have a serious problem, I think it is necessary to do this thing. They are also very much appreciated.
In high school chemistry class at the same table in sleep! The teacher found out, then turned to me and said: Aye Aye aye! The classmate, don't you care about your partner? I looked at the teacher with an apology and then took off my coat and put it on the table.
Is this is the legend of the six drive cross country?!
The foreign man of God staged angry football
Calm not impetuous, calm not frivolous. Don't make fun of others, or you might become a joke in one day. Be yourself, don't change for anyone. The puzzling thing, mostly because of lack of accomplishment, is the so-called: the world without this thing, you.
Breakfast theme sleeping bag] in a soft cone and recreation, a pile of golden toast in the nap, or curled up into a vegetable omelet, the breakfast theme designed by Japanese website Felissimo, including bread beds, pillows and blankets.
Just the Internet to see a question: what is the most long thing you use? I glanced at a low key and gorgeous answer: "I would like to say the former girlfriend, think or forget, she is not something."
Apple green, tender pink, sky blue, mango yellow four kinds of bright colors, in the overall bright white tone against the background of the increasingly overhangs. Space also shows a simple and stylish feeling.
Tolerance, is a relief. Although the reality of life is not perfect, there are tears, there is always a regret. Life is perfect, always let our tears in the smile, suddenly regret. To see if life is perfect, then you have to choose the light that is not perfect, and enlarge the perfect.
Your past without regret handle, your present with confidence and face your future without fear. Accept with no regrets to accept the past, with confidence in control now, with no fear to face the future.
Pay treasure ten years bill, small partners are you okay?
To be warm, not too long; to be dull, perhaps more precipitation. Go, go far, are left to keep, like floating smoke and passing clouds, is true, real edge. Know the wind flower falls, just know what is the wisdom of precipitation; understand the water from high mountains, only open feeling. Life, no other, just know!
Bikini MM's tragic jump
Girl's day the third mini album title "something" MV hot baked. This album by the second kick swept creation, MV highlights the girl 's Day charming feminine charm, members by sexy dancing seize fans in the line of sight.
The short-lived mystery -- located in the village of village of oblique Guangdong Yangshan County of Qingyuan city is an extremely poor mountain village. Genealogy of the village is recorded on the 115 people, but 50 years four households have cut off the population, now the village only 7 people were 36 people, and a decrease tendency year by year. The majority of disease in the body, many young men died, because the village a lot of people live only 40 years old. Outside the village called "short life village".
[Jinan PM2.5 data frequency bright red card yellow car limit line put on agenda] since the since the end of 2012, Jinan City announced PM2.5 air quality data. The monitoring results are often lit red card of air pollution. "Shallow dish shape" and other aspects of the causes of pollution control is a weak background. In Ji'nan City, the 15 air quality monitoring points, specially equipped with a clean Valley air clean control point.
[Yunnan day] after watching the video, in the heart is full of pride, in the provinces of all kinds of strange sights and scenery, can not help but want to say: ~ metaprotein (EVE joy Omega Eve joy) = waste] you go, Yunnan, one day ~
[a word to describe your attitude of dragon shaped light have?! "The Diaoyu Islands is not you want to buy, want to buy can buy!" User God clip! A word to describe your attitude toward the day of the day, the pomegranate elder sister hold not to live, the horse taught the Lord to roar, pack adult very angry with wood!
[different]: "the other is awakening." in order to have the time to take the time, it is better to regard it as a love movie. Hollywood pipeline type of science fiction film, do not have audio-visual features and the full reasonable drama conflict, completely than the same type of "Hunger Games". The foundation of science fiction movie was good, also has a grand plan, but story is too pediatrics. The plot of these arrangements not powerful enough to provoke the audience's nerves.
Not because of difficulties, we are afraid, just because we are afraid, so it is difficult.
In the face of difficulties, remember to smile.
Wear a hat to the ear.
[too creative! Magic video playback! ] this is very good, a common video, if it is placed, it will find a very extraordinary effect!
The table is always absent-minded in class. One day, he secretly playing mobile phone, just to be outside the classroom to patrol the class teacher found. The teacher took out his cell phone, sent a message to him: how do you do not seriously lectures? My deskmate doubts answered: who are you? The head teacher also sent a text message to him: you look out the window. Sit at the same table to see the window to reply: Thank you for reminding, and so on, we are looking at the teacher in the window.
Sorry, this microblogging has been deleted. View help: http://t.cn/8sYl7Qb
Lonely, there is no one in your heart. Lonely, you are not in your heart. Grew up, we found that, in fact, friendship and love are the same, the left would not cherish the people you, is a beautiful wash; left do not know how to appreciate you, is a beautiful turn. Life always so several times to wash or turn around, whether it is wash, or turn around, it is best to smile, graceful posture.
Day and night watch - this is a concept of couple tables, black-and-white, see the world but need a little small skills Oh, designers inspiration from alternation of day and night, 180 degree dial is like sea level as beautiful.
[start fire to the most powerful of the twelve constellation ranking] (Pisces) champion, runner up (LEO), third (Aries), No.4 (Capricorn), 5th (Taurus), 6 (Sagittarius), the seven (Scorpio), 8 (Aquarius), the nine (Virgo), 10 (cancer), 11th (Libra), No. 12 (Gemini)
Food on the beauty of meaning] 1, fish: compact skin make skin tight and elastic; 2, beef, rich in zinc, so that his face ruddy, reduce the swelling of the eyes, nose, eye skin; 3, chicken per week had a chicken three times can be supplemented with methionine make hair full of luster; 4, eggs, rich in selenium, anti-aging sunscreen to prevent skin cancer; 5, almond: a day to eat two almonds make nails shiny tenacity of vitamin E supplementation; 6, apple: to prevent tooth decay teeth whitening
[Hospital Pocket]] is a time to arrange for the class of simulation games. You are a hospital manager, you need to arrange for each patient to the appropriate department for diagnosis and treatment. Let each patient get timely and appropriate treatment, so that their own hospital become the largest hospital in the city.
With motherly love, human beings from the primitive desolate to civilization flourished; With motherly love, society to from the cold and harsh to harmony and well-being; With motherly love, we from melancholy to sing, from invincible ignorance to wisdom; With motherly love, the onset of life, a continuation of the history, rational sprout, humanity regression.
Aventador LP-700 Lamborghini Heisha
Because of loneliness, I chose to break free. Due to awake, I chose to meditation. Because it can not see the future, I chose to give up. Because I choose to give up, tears. Because the treachery, I chose relieved. As the relieved, I choose to be strong. Due to the strong, I choose to forget... Yes, I abandoned the love, betrayal of love.
[East Star asset today will be auctioned said Super 5 billion of assets for sale] according to the announcement, the auction of the assets included in Zhongxiang, Hubei three scenic area of 2000 acres of commercial land and a large number of tourist architecture, the proposed auction reference price 1.27 billion. East Star, with the auction of assets of over 500000000 yuan valuation, assessment of the price of the sale of assets belonging to the "".
You can't hurt someone who is called away.
Often love of two people, a person suddenly does not love, and another person still immersed in it, it is inevitable that people are destined to have been hurt in this relationship, the damage becomes the most painful, the most deep-seated. "Late autumn".
Sorry, this microblogging has been deleted. View help: http://t.cn/8sYl7Qb
Everyone's heart is a city. Love fashion, can also destroy the city. In the final analysis, the city or others, you can only enter, do not have.
Have a pair of husband and wife, the husband is very stingy! One morning wake up, the husband found his wife died in bed. He jumped up, pale, stumbled down the stairs and shouted: "the maid! Maid!" The maid answered: "sir! What's the matter?" The husband shouted: "the egg is enough for breakfast!"
"Special status" premiere, Donnie Yen a fee of 30000000, Tian Jing subvert the image of "playing female roles" challenge.
Shaanxi version of Tang Poetry: Qingming rain Shabu, run for one day, day after day collapse, inquire about the restaurant in which up to, Leng song to in the downtown of, bench dirty restaurant fall on, sit hook Hu shake up, next to the wall will discuss ha, noodles bowl tube for it. A joke about a table, no Ma da.
[egg yolk lion head] 1. Minced meat and bean curd feeding wine, salt and black pepper and sugar, onion ginger mix well; 2. Take mix the minced meat by into a pie, bag of salted egg yolk, and then shut the spheronization. The pan till the Bacheng hot, into the lion's head, and deep fry until golden; 3. To wok, with pumping, stock and salt, a little sugar and vinegar, small fire stew half an hour or so, then close the fire sauce and serve.
Network beauty Shouse Alyssa original new single You Were Mine When
[1] tomato egg, put ginger saute pan. 2, add tomato and stir fry, soup treasure against a small bowl of water (not much) into the boil. 3, add salt and sugar. 4, began to collect the juice water starch thicken. 5, add in egg. 6, slightly shaking pan. Let the egg uniform, and then gently with chopsticks poke (gently struck a few can, or eggs will be broken). 7, out of the pot before you can add chopped green onion.
[steamed minced pork and salted egg] practices: 1, the pork mince, salt, monosodium glutamate, salted egg white, dry starch stir into paste, add a little peanut oil and mix well, then put the tray squashed. 2, the flattening of the salted egg yolk, put the meat pie, steamed in the heat, remove and with the amount of soup, light soy sauce and mix thoroughly, pour in the meat pie becomes.
"Love magic" 02 words, master formula Mori Kazuki is a 17 year old high school student, studying in the cultivation of elite magician of the college, the results with the countdown to the rapid...... And the number of magic that can be used only 8 times in a lifetime! Because if you run out of words will become so can only live completely be not worth a penny, do not use magic.
Gossip new "a joyful noise" lead the hubbub blissful feelings in 2012 a new regression, retro fashion maximum size, punk rock weight diva, ultimate burst table sexy, let fascinating.
Hill Joe, an artist who is engaged in the art of and 3D, is hard to tell which part is true, which is false, and they seem to be particularly complex.
Three days ago, close friend asked her "why not willing to let go?" She smiled and said: "I want to work hard, maybe not." Now, two people are not far away and she looked at the sweet kiss, "let's go." "How, willing to let go?" She turned, his eyes staring at the front of a happy, feel the tears ran down his cheek, laugh, leave. The wind blew, leaving her last sentence: "now it's time for."
[workplace attention to detail] 1, to a glance can do, immediately action, small to the daily chores to business cooperation. 2, to be very clear about the thing, immediately inform the other party can not do, not ambiguous. 3, the need to consider the answer to the matter, set a time limit, the time limit for the completion of the deal. 4, to not be clear about, say without mincing words that do not know, smatter harm to others.
[shoes type umbrella frame] into the living room can not to be deceived, in fact, is an umbrella stand is designed into the shape of the shoe, it is creative.
Our life, there is a gorgeous short dream, one is a brutal long reality. Some people are not lost, some love meaningless forever, regardless of your decision in your life of a pier ashore, or accidentally thrown in a certain port, you can only go forward, to see if there is an unexpected surprise waiting for you, or unexpected thorns. Otherwise you will be nowhere.
Lenovo international into the honeymoon period PC+ market to face more challenges in the three years after the return of Yang Yuanqing CEO, Lenovo Group turnover has doubled, at the same time, the international team of mutual recognition, the target is more consistent, all indications, the international road, the association entered the honeymoon period.
[louver knot braise in soy sauce meat] pork cut bottom surface 1cm square rectangle; louver knot with warm water soaked until soft; star anise, cinnamon, dried hawthorn, scallion, ginger Paisui add the seasoning packet; heat the wok, put a little oil, meat loaf stir fry until the meat on the surface yellowing; pour soy sauce, fermented bean curd sauce, sugar stir fry until the meat surface color, pour boiling water had no meat; fire open into packets of the salt and seasoning, turn a small fire stew for half an hour, put louver knot continue to stew soup for 40 minutes
[yogurt waffle] material: eggs 2, 50g of butter, yogurt 100g, low gluten flour 80g, fine sugar 15g, a few drops of lemon juice. Method: 1. Butter heat melting, let cool 2 yogurt, egg yolk by adding butter, stir well, low gluten flour sieve and stir well. Protein with lemon juice, three times add fine sugar to rigid foam. Preheat the oven to 170 DEG C, egg white and yolk liquid mixing, into the mold. Pan put
Hainan fried dumpling is Hainan local flavor snacks, popular in Haikou area, and ordinary dumplings dumplings this difference lies in: is not wrapped in bamboo leaves; second is the first steaming hot rice proportioning, and fried food, is not limited by season, at any time can be made.
Jay Chou MV "Mine Mine" official 1080P full version
Because your eyes deceive many is not big enough, how can I know what is called as boundless as the sea and sky?
[average per minute 22.2 BlackBerry Q10 in UK sale after being snapped up]. Equipped with the latest BlackBerry 10 system full keyboard smartphones Q10 to go on sale in the UK shopping malls Selfridges. According to the news release of the first round of the 2000 machines within 90 minutes it was sold out, to the store to buy a lot of consumer are often more than a dozen dozen buy almost every
[to be able to continue the front of the constellation with the front of the first place: Scorpio VS Sagittarius - when the Scorpio person to find the shooter, two people have been destined to continue the leading edge. Second place: Libra VS cancer - the two person in the trial and test, the other side of the life. Third place: Capricorn VS Pisces - when Pisces and Capricorn are always empty window state, the two people are more likely to be holding each other's hand again
Chengdu is the best sister! Car will open the window, and exclusive two seat, sit where Uncle can not be hair try to close the window, the dispute arising with the women, and women to get rid of Uncle actually sat down directly to the uncle's leg. Next, then, cover your face..!
Austria government loans to Foshan "green project" in March 22 news, the first foreign government loans will be invested in Foshan Guangdong green project". This by the Austrian government to the Chinese government to provide low interest loans for environmental pollution, there will be 34.7 euros for Foshan Zhenan waterworks, the newly established second sewage treatment plant the introduction of imported equipment.
What's the matter? Can be changed into a small notebook computer?
[Yuxiang Zhengzhou City experimental school help you dream] is the predecessor of Zhengzhou City, the third high school, and therefore also has inherited the "3" the 70 years the prestigious profound cultural heritage and tradition; its rigorous academic atmosphere will continue to forge new brilliant, continuous five sessions of graduates in the recruitment test with a series of victories, the interpretation of the school outstanding performance and excellent teaching quality.
[skin care tips] every day: to prevent the sun according to the sun, skin experts pointed out: more than 80% of the skin damage from the sun. Therefore, the use of sunscreen products throughout the year, not closing action is a skin care; umbrellas and a wide brimmed hat, you refuse to kiss the ideal prop of sunshine.
"I was young to hit a waist, laugh in the spring followed hard shake, shake ah shake ah, I give you love is good, I will be enthusiasm burning, you know? ... "--" I am hit by youth "
[environmental protection era Jaguar XJ_e concept car debut] Goodwood as the British Festival of Speed Goodwood Racing Carnival of the landlord car factory, Jaguar this event also made a new energy saving concept car - XJ_e concept car.
And his wife lying on the bed watching TV, watching his wife to sleep, I pushed her a, said: "sleep?" The wife said: "no, look at it." I said: "you go to give me a bowl of noodles to cook it, I'm hungry." The wife said: "what did you say?" I said: "you give me a bowl of noodle." The wife said: "not this, the previous sentence." I said: "do you sleep?" The wife replied: "sleep.." I'm in a mess.
