There are many good friend, better than a lot of wealth. (English) Shakespeare
Voice.
Suddenly remembered that I did not know who said the sentence: first love is like the spring snow, looks very beautiful, but fell to the ground, but what is not...... Our youth, Youth passes as a fleeting wave. love.
Impression in the naval air is recreational taste full with so little Sassou feeling, big collar can not only when the big round neck, you can also pull down small dew sweet shoulder.
In fact, sometimes think that Scorpio is a depression of the constellation, he cares about things too much, friends ah, lovers ah... But he will not correctly express their feelings, so he is often misunderstood. But actually he is just simply hope others can have a clear understanding of their own mind, but again and again let yourself down, finally even scorpion himself can not find their own direction, so pretending to be an indifferent look. Closed up...
[Wei, Shu and Wu] qualities of the three countries in the world, beautiful rivers and mountains, three times Qunying, allure beauty also in the art design of the pen, particularly plentiful absolute being is handsome, enchantingly beautiful moving, so many players to shake. Let us experience the game be all eagerness to see it now, early adopters of the classic painting!
[] "guns guns magic magic Gunspell" is a RPG game, card game and cosplay class to combine game. The overall game is according to a kind of classical beauty and mystery of the game style as the background, the game joined the guns and magic, let you experience a series of incredible game.
Train and girl...
There occurred some reluctance and unwillingness to know and do not know, sober and losses of that kind of pain and happy thing. But if there is a feeling of piety in the heart, then in the pain will be peace.
He is the best in all the land swordsman, since the name of defeat. Although the fighting skill of the enemy, but in the end but her gentle smile. She used to see him with the bloody arena, not to see her again. He was defeated in the martial arts, not only because of his sword, no edge. She looked at him and cried. He said: "the defeat of the sword, no edge. Just because she don't like arena fight." Gentle, addison. Since no sword defeat, only one more sword without edge.
[a little skill, can play a role in accelerating dilute the pox and India! Eliminate acne] is not a short duration of time, must have patience! Oh, a little skill, can play a role in accelerating dilution: first with a piece of cotton dipped into take moisturizing make-up water wet apply, because skin pox and India position usually relatively dry, can soften the horny layer by using moisturizing lotion, and then whitening essence massage, let whitening active ingredients directly play a role.
Every girl has a long skirt, fresh and elegant.
A and carotene in food, the child is in a period of rapid development, the development of the eye is very important. And in this process, the need to add some vitamin A and carotene. When lack of these two elements of the baby in a long period of time, will lead to vision loss, serious and may suffer from night blindness and dry eye. So eat some vegetables, eggs, milk and cod-liver oil, can add vitamin A and carotene
Foreign players to create Diablo 3 cake ~
[cold roses head] rose the shred head with water, soak for 10 minutes after the drain backup, peanuts and soybeans with boiled cooked spare, heat oil in pan, add onion ginger silk, dried chili stir stir fragrance after shower rose head on, add cooked soybeans and peanuts stir can be.
The child's fault comes from parents' mistakes' 1 children over reliance on other people's evaluation, from their parents' excessive praise or criticism. 2 children are stubborn, self willed, derived from their parents too obedient. The 3 child incorrigible, from parents, lack of incentives to punish abuse. 4 children are not subject to discipline, from the parents of the educational opinion is not uniform. 5 children lack self-confidence, from the parents of blind and over protection. Parents please note
With the same department, an office development of human love, taboo; and office colleagues said colleagues ill, taboo, and office colleagues to develop the "friendship" and what words are said, including their privacy, taboo, and office colleagues together talking about the boss, is taboo.
[water spinach and minced meat cowpea] 1. Minced meat, add egg white pepper, salt slightly salted stand-by, heat up the oil. Add minced meat zoned bulk. Pour chopped spinach terrier with pickled cowpea. Pour a little cooking wine, stir fry, add a little old extraction color finally add a little sesame oil pepper oil sesame MSG is good. The lost abandoned spinach Terrier is not very simple!
Some game manufacturers black Sora Aoi, put the words of a flight attendant 9000000 online games.
[2013 car three European Baoya special spy photos exposure] recently, a group of new European Astra sedan disguise low road test spy was exposed, new car is expected to be at the end of this year officially listed for sale.
Heavy taste, the original this is sexy temptation in the kitchen according to ah, have to say the very creative and mind, designed to give people an extraordinary feeling!
This society taught me, just heartless, no feeling, not urticant do not ache, do not care about.
Woman to the king, I can not, I can not be more than the living, who are capable of. Yang Guang -- "Sui Tang"
[7 series is now the first m logo, BMW push 760li V12 M models] the car mainly for Middle East area of the local tyrants and launched and will limited sale. Power, and there is no upgrade, still equipped with V12 6.0L twin turbo engine, the maximum output of 544 horsepower, 0-100km/h acceleration time is only 4.6 seconds.
Life is just a tragedy, no happiness. All the bad things in life can be something for nothing, all good things must have something to exchange.
Singer songwriter Lana Del Rey song &quot; Video Games&quot; Born to is "Die" the album's first single. & quot; video Games&quot; lyrics is in describe girl is almost without soul deeply in love with the boy, everywhere to accommodate the boy, but the boy only the girl as the electronic games in general.
Now ah ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha ha.
[the zodiac weekly tourism] Aries tourism travel transportation:]]]]] tourism types: suburban tourism; Taurus tourism travel transportation:]]]]] tourism types: hot spring tourism; Gemini tourism travel transportation:]]]]] type of Tourism: Travel and exploration; cancer tourism travel transportation:]]]]] type of Tourism: travel to visit relatives
[] the baby pillow pillow should be soft and breathable, pillowcases available pure cotton fabric. The baby skull is soft, fontanelle and cranial sutures was not completely closed, not to use the excellent pillow, to avoid head deformation. Baby sleep easy to sweat, sweat and dandruff hybrid easy to make pathogenic microorganisms adhesion induced facial eczema or scalp infection, on the surface of the pillow. Therefore, the pillow often under sun, linen should be washed frequently change.
Walking on the road, just after the phone forget to lock the screen, the thigh accidentally called the goddess phone, she did not answer. For a moment, the goddess called, the goddess of the opening to ask why, the condition of reflection of the "wrong" "wrong"!" Mind flashed momentarily countless destined to masturbate for a lifetime of case, immediately corrected himself "is actually to you instantly across the infinite charming back" me too "my messy, finally understand why single for so long.
This bear children will chengdaqi know what one is about the future...
Good temper is like a bright sunny day, everywhere is full of sunshine.
Action is the most important, and every action has its price and joy, the journey of life gives me pleasure, not a destination. - Peace fighter
["Grand Theft Auto" 5 PS4 unique new play a small handle also use] R star sandbox Muse "Grand Theft Auto 5" the next generation version soon to meet with us, for those who decide to enter the correct players, Xiaobian recommend you choose the PS4, because PS4 handle dualshock 4 will be supported to very many additional features, Sony officially announced the dualshock 4 unique function,
Life is like a marathon, run too fast, easy aftereffect is insufficient; runs too slowly, we will fall behind; quit, will ruin the previous efforts; not to participate in, did not win the opportunity.
Is what makes you become afraid whether s/he Love near s or far. Because you fear him/her losing of everytime. love is, no matter how far or close to him / her, you will worry about him,
[workplace social tips] 1, forbearance, volume is large, ninja invincible; 2, Tibetan, Tibetan front Qiao hidden, the winner is always the last laugh; 3, anti ---- the strong are the "loophole" in the least; 4, steady -- steady, not detours is the shortest cut; 5, a variable - bianzetong, long general, change is to win; 6, holding, secretly to contain more than mingmian mandatory.
Three years old baby in the eyes of how to love their parents, the baby's answer is very touched Oh ~ ~ baby grow good cute cute cute, ah, come to my bowl!
Future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of their The dreams. the future belongs to those who believe in the beauty of the dream.
A wonderful little star, a dark forest, a fairy tale... These hats seem to be a lovely fruit that grows in different dimensions, and they can't wear a rabbit hole, which is not careful to fall into Alice.
If you want to give you one thing you have to delay, give you a thing you do not good, give you a thing on the next, let people do not worry, over time you have no one to do, then the company will be able to ask a person, why not use you?
Smile and sing the song of youth. Open mind, eliminate selfishness, release the soul, return to tolerance. Take a deep breath and smile, oh, the wind is fresh, the flowers are beautiful, the air is fresh! Only in this way, can we skim a handful of the graceful moonlight, pick up a piece of the hottest in the shining leaves; pick a bunch of Chan in the luxuriant Fanghua.
[evaluation] this is war nemesis demo fantasy online game in South Korea owned by MGAME. Players can choose to have the unique attributes of the race and role, experience with the story of the game has a unique role to develop the system with a unique. The game will focus on the role of the game, and with a number of players at the same time to launch the skills of the team skills system, NPC NPC will be put into battle system, change the system, etc..
[flowers egg fried rice] barbecued meat slices, 2 eggs scattered, onion dices; oil in wok, saute onion; pour in egg mixture, stir in rice, pork, oyster sauce, soy sauce; stir well until heated permeability can be.
Simple and elegant plaid shirt, black pants and shirt collocation pencil beam, to mature women capable of feeling. Shiny black leather shoes and a lot of mysterious dark sunglasses for the overall shape.
[golden] ingredients: Pumpkin 150 grams, Gongmi, oats, barley, rice 120 grams, 50 grams of lily. Practice: 1, will wash the pumpkin steamed six mature; to Gongmi, oat, barley, brown rice, steamed eight mature; 2, in 1 / 3 of one side of the pedicle impose dentate incision to seed; 3, to Gongmi, oat, barley, brown rice, Lily stir evenly into the pumpkin cover the steamed; 4, eat the pumpkin cut evenly
Some people come into your life, make your life more wonderful, and some people leave you, is to make you better...
Black, wait for me, you have not heard.
[like the attention of the flowers and plants] according to Feng Shui, is a rabbit and tiger's friends care to keep climbing vines, or easy to encounter villain. Is Shema friends, be careful with raising flowers and trees, or feelings of trouble. Is a monkey chicken friends, to be careful to keep the water species of flowers and trees, otherwise the drain money. Is a pig and rat's friends, can not be in the bedroom, the room to raise flowers, will encounter unexpected things happen.
[salt and pepper potatoes. Potatoes, peeled, diced; 2. The pot heat oil, add potatoes fried golden surface; 3. Add a little pepper stir fry, fried to the potatoes with a fork chopsticks ripe; 4. Sprinkle with salt and pepper, stir fry pan can be.
American "era" award in fifth Jay Chou 100
Guests, restaurant combined with the design, can be a TV cabinet, dining cabinets, wine cabinets together, a multi-purpose cabinet functions, make up a small house to receive limited distress. Will be inspired by the painting and the use of the curve of the sofa matching, and then with the table a few, and a few, not only flexible use, but also more than a fixed style coffee table space.
[psychological test] fixed on the picture, the picture turns more quickly, the ability to explain your heart is weak, the more slowly, the more strong, try oh.
[] this dog car anecdotes are very lucky to have my own car!
[7 to make the children more intelligent food] 1, ginger, to stimulate imagination and creativity; 2, soybean, pineapple, carrots, enhance memory; 3, walnut and chestnut, improve the sensitivity of thinking; 4, onion, help focus; 5, peanuts, improve the analysis ability; 6, millet, promote sleep; 7, sugar, improve learning and work efficiency.
Every night to play the most afraid of the phone is the case, the second day to get up the face is swollen...
Sick little boy recovered back to school, small partners warm embrace, the children's friendship is so simple, so cute!
Let the bullets fly -40 year old Carina Lau hide her breast touching scene, is still charming (smooth)
This year summer vacation, turn on the TV and see the classic "journey to the west", ears to think of the familiar melody, alternative sand monk Tucao version of "dare to ask the way in", bring you the same hilarious journey!
Employees in the career development of the right is to obtain information and fair, they have a certain transparency in information acquisition and business consulting, a strong sense of responsibility, team consciousness and self management is the key to complete the work of the staff to complete the mission.
Love a person is to, his own little bet with him, to the great wheel of life to make a bet. Love a person is to let the person's name on the final occasion to become your lips between the final music.
[Netease open class iPhone/iPad client] is Netease for love to learn from users to create an open class at any time on the open class free course platform. It to Harvard, Yale, Oxford, Cambridge and other "global elite video open class" as the content of resources, combined with the stable interface design and user-friendly operation, to achieve the real zero distance contact with elite schools, without cost, without barriers to understanding the world's leading edge of new knowledge, new ideas.
[the most nutritious food list] do you know how to eat, nutrition, the most comprehensive nutrition? First: boiled eggs, nutrition, relatively speaking, a relatively comprehensive. Second: steamed eggs. Riboflavin, lutein and other water-soluble vitamin losswww. Third: fried fried egg. Lipid soluble and water-soluble vitamins are lost. Fourth: fried eggs. High heating temperature, more vitamin loss.
Sorry, this microblogging has been deleted. View help: http://t.cn/8sYl7Qb
The thief stole things and ran and sang: "the wind runs free is the direction." The old man cried: "look at my tears, you do not return." The policeman saw the thief and said, "I'm not good enough, so you want to escape."." After the thief was arrested, the judge said: "there is anything to say? How many tears to flow." Thief: "I beg you to give me a chance." Police: "this is the best of the impulse to punish."
First solve the mood, and then solve things. On the road of life, each of us inevitably face all kinds of risks and challenges, the results are successful, but also failed. However, the victory of life is not in a moment of success, but in who is the final winner. So we can't be discouraged at any stage of our life, we should be full of hope!
Alone is difficult. But when we walk a mile with Walking someone then, coming back alone is more difficult. a person walking very difficult, but more difficult is when you and another person together through a paragraph, again
[2] "mushihimesama mushihimesama 2" is a touch screen operation flight shooting game, Cave has always been adhering to the magnificent barrage of elements. Reco can use three different types of bullets shooting. Game adventure mode and the fractional challenge mode, the scene is also very rich and varied.
Tofu [secret] with a knife in the tofu on both sides of the uniform strokes of a, pot put the oil, tofu fried to golden brown on both sides, pour into the soy sauce color, flavor of soy sauce, add water until tofu; fire to boil turn a small fire, add sugar and closed in dry water sprinkle chopped green onion, coated with Korean chili sauce.
"Feng Chi" places 4 days after the divorce family appeared for the first time
[color] food 1, raising the five red food yangxin. Such as carrots, tomatoes, sweet potatoes, etc. have a strong antioxidant. 2, yellow food yangpi. Such as pumpkin, corn and so on for the spleen and stomach. 3, green food liver. Eat green food has a strong liver function of liver. 4, white food raise lung. Such as milk, rice and other protein components. 5, black nourishing food. Black sesame, black fungus, seaweed and other nutritional value
IU20, published in the regular three series Times Epilogue - Modern, since the title of the main song on Friday to meet MV at the same time! Song to join the Swing rhythm, the lyrics are about love before the excitement, History member Zhang Lizheng to participate in feat. and co starred with MV IU.
[the face of acne is always constant? ] may be caused by the physical side of the heat, can press the point, to keep away these little annoying acne. The thumb and finger bones touch down, in the middle of the two bones, a fist can muster a packet, this is hegu. Can with scrapping plate angle or finger joint press, each time 15 ~ 20, without to according to pain, acid degree, do not feel pain.
Lord of the brave: eighth sets.
Make a beautiful woman. Not little, do not do. If you can meet true love. And all of them.
Appropriate exercise is keep mental and physical coordination, prevention, the elimination of fatigue, prevent sub health and longevity of an important factor. Here in particular, to remind is: avoid in the fatigue to the extreme when the sudden thought of "life is movement", fatigue, the human body need is rest, not sports, at this time the movement of human body is harmful to no benefit. Take sport scientific attitude is "perseverance, is moderate".
I really put your life in his arms, will let you fragrant fragrance overflowing from the future. This is definitely not the outcome I want to see! Even though you are my air! Without you, I can't breathe! But the truth is here, I can't because of my selfish, deprived of your youth.
People live in the world, the most important is to have the ability to love, not love. We don't know how to love and how to be loved.
Every walk of life, it is to pay the price. No one, no one who is not subjected to life, no one, not to accept the baptism of the years. Let us strong, is to experience, so that we are mature, is the experience, the suffering of our ability to give us confidence.
Often lying in the night but how also can not sleep. Many of the images are used to reproduce in their own mind, accustomed to enjoy the night alone, accustomed to the night alone sad. I don't want to get used to it, but I can't change it. Human heart is like a container, with more happiness, less trouble, more than a gentleman, the little man is less; more simple, less tangled; less satisfied, less pain.
Gray with the powder is a classic girl collocation, give a sweet taste, so loose dress, no matter you have a hip or fat legs, are not afraid of the.
Pen carving, 26 English letters! ~
[Wuyishan Taoyuan cave] deep in the Wuyi Mountain, along the squirrel Jian Cang screen peak and North corridor between the rock beside the path travel, Taoyuan is approaching, a pile of rocks in the truncated valley mouth, Xiao Jian suddenly disappeared, seems to be the end of his tether. However, as long as a few steps forward, you can see the huge stone on the small hole. Through a small hole, Xiao Jian and the pentium. It is "the end of hills and rivers have no doubt, There is a way out".
[Plants vs. Zombies moved to Facebook to launch new edition expedition] PopCap announced today. At present they are planning on Facebook launched an exclusive on the platform of "Plants vs. Zombies", "Plants vs. Zombies exploration (Plants vs. Zombies Adventures)" (hereinafter referred to as PVZ Adventures). Company
Modern poetry "to the goddess": I asked / you eat it / you said / I said with a smile / every time you say / I pretend to be angry and said / not ha ha / I take a bath to see your head gray / I think / you must be shy
[health knowledge: 9 big detoxification food] 1, the. The famous "GI scavenger", "blood purification agent"; 2, black fungus. Regular consumption can effectively remove the body of toxic substances; 3, kelp. Has the role of prevention of leukemia; 4, sweet potato. It tastes sweet and warm, can enhance the intestinal peristalsis; 5, apple. Help detoxification; 6, strawberry. With fluid dryness, promoting digestion and absorption effect; 7, 8, 9 grains; honey;
When receiving the love of people to send text messages...
A fool meets a crook.
Apple once again [virtual reality Apple VR equipment talent recruitment point the day and await for it? ] virtual reality has become one of the hottest technology today, has always been apple industry goers nature is of considerable importance. Apple again open recruitment virtual reality of the user interface and experienced software engineers, prepared in the field of VR go a lot. Following SONY, Samsung have launched VR products, Apple's VR device seems to be away from me
[the "courage", the dog VS tiger dog] to save his water bowl, alarming momentum! As a result of a turn on the chain up to a smile! ~
It is said that the opposite of love is not hate, but indifference. Indifference, means that the heart no longer have the position of each other, and no longer remembered. No more hate, no love, no effort and thought to do even more than a bit of entanglement, all the rest, are meaningless!
"I like you" the girl said to herself in the road, is struggling with what to say, suddenly, "Peng", she hit a pole, a man behind a man laugh at her, said, "I'm not promised, why run to hit the bar"
[] take a shower take a shower of white vinegar, can add 1 to 2 teaspoons of vinegar in warm water in the bathtub. Tub of warm water can make the skin pores open, can fully absorb acetate nutrients, can not only soften, remove the aging cutin layer, can also refreshing, suitable for work family home after the elimination of fatigue.
Line in the world, when knowledge. However, knowledge do not have to explore as much as, explore as much resentment; when appreciating, although appreciating do not have words to do. That is to say, it is to do without a friend; when blame others, although responsibility do not have harsh, harsh as all far; when King, Ran Jing people don't necessarily have the humble as, humble as less bone; when people. However, let a person do not have to retire to make back as road oligo. Have eyes, can see far; a magnanimous, tolerant; edge, can be restrained; conservation, self-sustaining, can do a job with skill and ease.
You have to start. If you don't have a positive love to survive, if you don't have to do it yourself to reveal the meaning of existence, then it will be meaningless to you. - Buber Martin
[armed God] seventh
Best feeling in the world is when you know your heart is smiling The. The best feeling in the world is to find your heart smile.
In the open kitchen, dining area opened up a relatively independent house, two systems.
Jinggangshan married marry Li Yapeng twin children exposure agent
What is pride? Cattle! What is modesty? Install chant! What is thrifty? Pull! What is Fengxian? Silly! What is smart? Blow it! What beauty? You! Happy girl's day!
When I was a child, I always wanted to see if there was anyone around you. When you grow up, you have to look at the things you don't have. Has chosen the road to go on the road, the hardships, no need to complain.
After love, the love will let us see the essence of things, not to worry about the other half of the things, so that their energy into their own, learn to distinguish between the opposite sex, know how to recognize the talent will be their own needs, but also allow their attention to the work, with the busy to cover up their hearts of love.
Lingshan amusement park, this is the first large-scale amusement park in Hainan. Park in addition to water on the bumper boats, lotus cup, shooting gallery project and brave turntable, crazy mouse, dragon slide, controlled trap dozens of sets of large recreation facilities. Through the world of terror, water on the Great Wall, the tropical rain forest in the "Skytrain", "underground maze" and "water kanglegong" is spectacular, very exciting.
[workplace life: workplace why your "efforts" worthless] said that "no effort" the job, is the elite. If you "work hard" or do not, then you simply quit. Now that you're completely burning the little universe or not, you are not qualified for the job.
Concept of love relationship with four great classics is -- love, like the Three Kingdoms, will for a long time, fenjiubige; love, also like the journey to the west, 9981 difficult, just have love; love, more like a dream of Red Mansions, there is always a group of people to the skies, spent their whole life on it; love, the best image or the water margin, regardless of whether you have a more vigorous, eventually had to Zhaoan by life.
Flowing melody, shed some light on the notes, and write poetry movement of modern urban life, a city can have much elegance, from early morning until late at night, the boundless forest belt you savor City streamer, quietly listening to the song "floating city".
The subway has the excrement -- in the life often to see such an episode, there is a big small. Of course there will be a variety of reasons, but in a specific situation, whether or not to try to avoid. We have too much to bear or have been used to.
Mistakes help us find things that are really meant for us. Sometimes sometimes, the error will help us recognize the real thing for us.
[what makes you happy be, with who makes you smile.Dream as if you'll live forever Do live, as if you'll die today.] ---- do to make themselves happy, with the people who make themselves happy.
Secret Coke chicken wings: 1, wash chicken wings, one row twice; 2, add two tablespoons of cooking wine a spoonful of soy sauce, a little pepper, mix well, preserved for more than two hours; 3, pot, put two spoonfuls of oil, add chicken wings, cover; 4, a small fire and pan fry until both sides are golden; 5, under the ginger and spring onion, turn fire stir for a minute; 6, pour cola and two spoons of soy sauce, bring to a boil turn a small fire after the fire stew 25 minutes; 7, turn the fire close juice.
The State Council stipulates that the female workers maternity leave from 90 days to 98 days
[best figure! "Demon" soft sister paper splash wet see eight] released the World Cup quarter finals, eagles farewell in the powers of Europe, started a quarter of giants battle. "Demon" Ho throw 2 million Moshi, men awake at night, soft sister paper splash wet competition! Super large scale wet carnival, chest and buttocks together with you cool look at eight!
Zhengzhou subway construction site collapse caused by 2 Dead 2 injured initially identified as electricity construction accidentally in July 25 morning, the Yellow River City, Zhengzhou Road, Nanyang Road, northwest corner of the subway construction site has collapsed, there are 4 workers trapped. 2 of the workers seriously injured, the scene of the death of an invalid, the other 2 minor injuries were taken to hospital.
[ring of Wuhan line green isolation belt discovered a thousand lines "baked coke flower" high-temperature baked, do not eat not only urban road next to the trees. August 14, ride near the line, found from Erqi Yangtze River Bridge to Hongmiao overpass road central isolation belt, more than 200 meters, nearly a thousand lines France Holly is the "scorched".
Love is not to do business, frustrated to dissipate one's fortune of love is not a bet; lost, becomes a pauper. Love is the two hearts of the touch [tm]H and Xu, as the music of the music notes, and write the world's holy, along with life.
NPC North cafeteria latest masterpiece! Fried green vegetables.
Nanchang city to strengthen the supervision and management of influenza devices for the further implementation of human infection with H7N9 avian influenza prevention and control work, the city will organize special supervision and inspection of influenza prevention and control of medical devices, supervise the use of disposable masks, gloves and other related production enterprises in strict accordance with the requirements of production, is strictly prohibited to increase or change the product name, is prohibited to increase or change the scope of product application.
At the earth by hot air balloon two place, one is Kenya, another is Turkey's Cappadocia, American "National Geographic" magazine named ten view of earth one. Facing the glow, countless colorful balloons into the sky.
Grass root male brain really Jinxiang ah ~ ~ ~ even with the mouth bite the keyboard? And still have to bite the quite professional, simply take a bomb!
Over the years, gradually understand, real life is not lit scene tomorrow, but good hope.
Love causes the band, the midnight listening to brilliant and atmosphere of the tune, no conditions to attract. "Finale" rainbow.
Echo brother to help you get rid of Valentine's Day
[the series of classic "final fantasy 5" "AppStore" iOS platform "Final Fantasy" series finally ushered in a new chapter, "final fantasy 5" also came to the Store App. "Final fantasy 5" starting in 1992, is the "Final Fantasy" series of fifth Works, but also the first FF series of 2000000 sales of works, in the players
Where happiness is happiness, people are not happy.
Dream of joining a secret agent organization. The examiner a face seriously told me: "do the agent, must look ordinary, let a person look at a glance can not remember what look like. Your score is second, and it is the only person who is qualified." I strongly resist being insulted the bitterness, ask them how the first of how not to be admitted? The examiner said that everyone had forgotten what he looked like...
When Spears Britney met Beyonce plus Pink, three people were singing the classic song "Will Rock You We", the incarnation of ancient Rome female warrior, sexy and wild combination, so that the MV looks like a large sense.
Pick up the brush, dizzy color, let the hearts Hidden Art cell activity. Room decoration if you need lots of high light colors available, blooming tactics for depicting a romantic outfit.
Little cat Practical joke of it, so feel oneself highly flattered, successfully steal the spotlight!
[Taiyuan] Taiyuan astronomical dumplings in Shanxi an upscale hotel launched a price of 9999 yuan price of rice dumplings. In the hotel lobby of a long table, placed several a wrapped with bamboo leaves large dumplings, the outside is a bare Zong, looks like a rice made of gold, about 20 cm in length, about 10 cm high, stepped forward to smell, fragrance is tangy. Booking for private business owners.
[the law of relationships] 1, don't always show more clever than others. 2, want to fish, like a fish to think. 3, let the other party to do the leading role, he is willing to do a supporting role. 4, arrogant, let you suffer a big. 5, often with people argue, you will never win. 6, was too exposed, the next is not good. 7, hedgehog principle, to maintain the appropriate distance. 8, the tree an enemy, is to erect a wall. 9, modesty is not hypocritical, not demanding perfection.
Lotus lotus root can keep skin luster, which contains rich vitamin C and minerals, with efficacy, the hemostasia effect more is known. The other is proved beneficial to the heart of lotus root, at the same time, promote the The new supersedes the old. prevent rough skin. Lotus and lotus seed, the effect is better, just in the lotus porridge add 30 grams of lotus root.
Why Lv Bu was killed? The white gate] Lv Bu captured, Cao Cao said: you help me to surrender, he unified the I cavalry, infantry, invincible. So Lv Bu Liu Beiwen: cloth, asked you, do you want to join us? Lv Bu said: the cloth is willing to. Liu Bei: you see, he doesn't want to. Cao Cao: you're trying to persuade. Liu Bei: cloth, please promise you. Lv Bu: cloth. Liu Bei said: he does not promise Cao cao. So Lv Bu
[Haruka tomatsu starred in the tokusatsu "animal electricity corps" in the play do concert] popular seiyuu singer Haruka tomatsu will star in a predetermined tokusatsu dramas aired next week the beast Power Rangers "and in the drama held concert! Actually Haruka tomatsu will "beast Power Rangers" enemy characters candelilla dubbing is early in the magazine published the things, seiyuu tokusatsu series leather dubbing roles also are not uncommon.
We love is home home, that our feet may leave but, not our hearts. Where home is the place we love, feet can leave, but not the heart.
[grilled lamb chops] 1. Lamb chops to buy a hammer and a knife back to the meat knocked flat. With salt, garlic, ginger at the end, violent pickled pepper and rice wine 30 minutes. Lamb chops drain, sprinkle with cumin, each on a small piece of butter, into the oven, bake wind 200 degree, a 20 minutes, over 10-15 minutes until cooked. Out of the box sprinkle with spring onion, a little cumin powder, black pepper, pour the oil, roasted, aluminum foil oil).
[a new generation Audi TT the latest imaginary map] new cash reserves the basic shape for more radical new face, the power is equipped with 1.8 liter and 2.0 liter TFSI engine. The 2.0 liter vehicle maximum power 220 BHP. Overseas media reports, the new Audi TT will be lighter, more fuel-efficient, more comfortable operation.
[less wear chemical fiber clothes, so as not to stimulate the skin to dry, windy, try not to wear wool or chemical fiber clothes, so as not to stimulate the skin itching. Autumn is also the most easy to play static electricity, so should wear cotton fabrics, not because of the dirty and convenient and easy to wear and washing clothes. In addition, washing clothes, the best to add some of the fabric of compliance.
Small series of experience: the use of the most basic black and white with tone, the printing on the shorts to break the monotonous, add a bit of energy.
Yellow elements make the whole living room has become a particularly elegant and moving, whether it is the color of the carpet or fabric sofa is the living room in the presence of a unique.
[easy to succeed the ability to solve the problem when the reverse thinking ability 2 to consider the problem when the transposition thinking ability 3 strong in other people's ability to sum up 4 simple instrument writing ability 5 information data collection ability 6 to solve the problem of the program to develop the ability of 7 strong self comfort can force 9 job change the ability to accept 8 of the courage to accept the 10 positive to seek training and practice opportunities
["I marry" and Become! 2 Yuan Meng woman tattoo popular in japan! ] recently in Japan twitter topics on 2 dimension mother Meng tattoo is very popular, many people are drying out the oneself with "I marry into one of the photos! But because the tattoo is really a very painful choice, so these tattoos are called pain TOO"! Can only say that these people love too deep, deep pain......
[the Smurfs 2 ", the latest Trailer open in July 2013 release Britney Spears' vocals] the film tells the story of gargamel in order to obtain a powerful magical Smurf soup, made some looks resembles the Smurfs but the skin is gray" elves ", gargamel kidnapped smurfette, brought her to Paris, in order to save back blue sister, simple minded, grouchy, Anita set off again came to the human world, to their human friend, Patrick and grace
[autumn skin care] (1) added water. When autumn comes, the air becomes dry, so that the surface of the skin is very easy to lose moisture. (2) balanced nutrition. Malnutrition will make the skin dry, rough, wrinkle, hard. (3) pay attention to cleansing. Air pollutants in the air is very easy to plug the pores, easy to cause skin diseases. (4) before going to bed. Because the number of cell division in the evening than during the day (10 times more).
Son: Mom, give me 1 dollars a day. I want to start saving money. Mom: what money do? Son: I want to be. Mother is very happy, so he gave her son a piece of money every day. Until one day she took part in the parent meeting, met the little girl called Xing Yishan's mother.
If bedroom is too empty and any decoration, very quiet, in addition to starting from the decoration, bedroom close pattern arrangement, can let a bedroom warm and sweet, and put in every corner of the appropriate storage cabinet, sofa chair stool furniture, let a bedroom home is full of flavor.
[Beijing: Metro driver "4D simulation module" in the exam, 180 degrees] sound, light and vibration, shaking screen real...... Similar to the 4D theater Metro driving simulator become new driving test last "level". From the subway operating within three points of the company's training base to understand, by the end of the opening of line two and line 10 two 500 nearly 8 new drivers have officially entered the countdown.
Clean, clear figure of the black long and wide dress, there is a sense of European and American style.
Is the way I am. I treat well those who treat me well.~~~ This I'm just so a person, who is good for me who is good.
When the earth stops...
At noon in the cafeteria to eat, next to a guy to buy a bread. A bite was found inside a red bean paste, told us very surprised. We took a look, said this time the canteen can look down very big loss, actually do not carefully wrapped in red bean Steamed buns. See that brother quietly watching the steamed bread, quietly watching, Si Yoshiku: "no, I think this bread should be big aunt came...
Black Lake - Latin America Trinidad has a "Black Lake, the lake in the dusky, turned out to be the bottom oil and gas stream of gush, with sediment mixing asphalt caused by.
He is studying hard, finally have passed the examination, homecoming, but see her phoenix coronet shawl, married others. Remember the pear tree of her sentence "I'll wait for you", he clenched his fists, and turned away. But I do not know she was forced by the power. The sedan chair in her cry spent makeup, hands clutching a bottle of heding. "You will never come back again, and we will never see you again in this life."
How to deal with the relationship between power and power will always act like an adult, remove the style of parents or children, is the basis for dealing with the relationship of power.
Embarrassed. "! Hiding in the sofa and scared her boyfriend.
Sorry, this microblogging has been deleted. View help: http://t.cn/8sYl7Qb
[foreign] include a wide variety of landscapes: vast grasslands, rolling snow capped mountains, the boundless forest, the magnificent stone forest, beautiful lakes, beautiful Tibetan village, and the royal temple Huiyuan temple, no not let you forget.
It's good to be a boy!
[the twelve constellation is the most astute and capable list] the first place: virgo. Second: aries. Third: scorpio. Fourth: gemini. Fifth: cancer. Sixth: leo. Seventh: aquarius. Eighth: libra. Ninth: capricorn. Tenth: sagittarius. Eleventh: taurus. Twelfth: pisces.
Dressed in a white dress, like a beautiful angel from heaven. Fold and irregular cut adds to the level of the skirt, so that a simple white dress no longer monotonous. A lantern skirt design covering the hips, the perfect line modification.
Do you really accept the child? 1, accept this &quot; &quot; I don't agree with you, but I don't agree with you, but don't change your love.2, accept the child reality. Love reality instead of the expectations of the child.3, acceptance of the child's mood.
Fluorescence sequined tee, the flash design, style is more casual, do not need too much modification tie-in high-heeled shoes, flip flops are OK.
I like you to stop being well under, I like you, you are good to the original full time since we move the stone! Meow
[how in the workplace can & quot; mixed & quot. 1. The principle of low-key, do not be too exposed edge, always can be sure, critical moment will surprise; 2. Don't gossip, never talk about other people's privacy, even if relationship is not good, because you do not know the day when variable; 3. Interest principle, find the common topic is always closer relations, but remember speak save three, distance is the United States; 4. Don't be love stopped future unless willing to sacrifice a
Curve proud, our beautiful, sexy photo of Li Enrui.
["Final Fantasy 14: Rebirth of the environment" fight the real machine demonstration effects really awesome] se gaming giant "Final Fantasy 14: Rebirth of the environment" national service immediately to open the first test the, there must be many players would like to know the game in the end the charm and highlights what. So, a grand battle with a real demonstration, to show us a copy of the BOSS challenge and team fighting tasks and so on. Let's look at it together.
Meow star people happy, how can people understand...
The film of the "war Wizard" is a story about the survival of a young girl. Picture realistic but not rough, on the contrary also exudes incommensurate with the soft and warm environment. The film is not to talk to the audience, more like to oneself only, the audience silent. The brutal war undoubtedly, miserable life harder and harder, but fearless feelings of ordinary people in mind, but will become the operation of the support in the world at the end of the intrinsic motivation.
No matter how deep the sea, the sky is blue, love your heart for you to beat, at this time I want to gently bend down the body to kiss the grass, because this piece of grassland has our common footprint and sweet! I do not know whether to adhere to the mountains and the mountains, the world is not. But dare and you must verse, or keep the "Jun as a rock, concubine as Pu Si" of the word, but I can forever love to you to the death!
Retro feeling very strong, very suitable for this season.
[Smurfs village eliminate Smurfette\'s magic of the match] the Smurf village for the background of the development of a game to eliminate and derived products from the Smurfs village, the game screen is very beautiful, eliminate the gameplay and the candy crush saga "similar, quickly to help rescue Smurf save their villages.
The south pole is the least human being in the continent, where there are many phenomena that people can't explain. "No snow dry valleys" is one of the most mysterious!
One person, one life, one way, one day. Along with the age increasing, the viewpoint and the mentality also change along with it. Not the same environment, brewing not the same life; not the same scenery, the impact is not the same mood; not the same attitude, there will be a different outcome. Keep a common heart, sitting watching clouds flower Xie Kai, indifferent, loss of calm, let life every day is full of sunshine, brimming with hope.
[Poland] dreamy gorgeous! Poland has a superior geographical location and climatic conditions, aviation, highway, waterway traffic lead in all directions.
[Ambilight Tianjin "," the Spring Festival approaching, castle to flag, flags, Chinese knot, lanterns, lamp box for thematic elements, holiday scenery. This year Spring Festival Tianjin settings will continue until the day of the first lunar month 16, night lights opening and closing time for each night at 17:30 to 22:30, Castle add festive atmosphere.
[Armenia dance pop diva Sidni Siro Amar] the latest summer rhythm
Learn to ignore, is the inner peace of the Kang Zhuang road. Pain and joy are the reflection of the soul, in the face of adversity to see hope, happiness is a mood.
Friendship first drying out according to three months big belly, painted with a big Erhualian wear pacifiers baby dress up as propaganda small s: after you can't call my mother Liu brother slightly!
[papaya Tremella syrup] papaya peeled and diced, tremella bubble drove pedicle, wolfberry washed soaked; 2. The purple sand pot put 1200ml water, plus Tremella boiled for an hour and a half; after 3 and a half hours plus papaya, Chinese wolfberry, rock sugar, continue to cook for two hours, cooled chilled food.
69 men's Basketball Championship 1/4 finals will fight Spain defeat USA
[the concubine of the Lu Zhen legend "Xiao Wang red actor]" Lu Zhen legend "in Hunan Satellite TV hit, tells the story of the Northern Qi Dynasty legend of Lu Zhen, the whole drama full of positive energy. In the drama played Xiao Guifei Yang Rong, let a person feel very hateful, she, too, is the play a villain, battle of wits against the red end but is in vain.
According to the elite daily, Sandra Frost and her husband's wedding from the United States of California is not a romantic beach, nor the Church of the sacred, they choose the 1500 feet high in the air, the stimulation of the absolute is another interesting to enjoy, blue sky and white clouds together as a witness, leaving an unforgettable memories.
[Qingdao adding HD probe driving playing mobile phone will be deducted 2 points penalty 100] from the city traffic police department learned that the city 431 probe every day in capture violations. After the next HD probe large-scale enabled, will also increase the number of capture to open the car phone, smoking, not wearing a seatbelt violations.
According to clinical statistics, about 10% of women of childbearing age suffer from infertility, especially women who often sit in the office. Sedentary lead to a lack of oxygen, the lack of exercise to the virus invasion caused by gynecological inflammation, malnutrition and obesity are three major causes of female infertility. Experts also pointed out that the poor posture may lead to fertility problems, such as Qiao cross legged posture would impede blood circulation in the legs.
Our life is like a column of burning incense in after the walk to stop, slow down the footsteps of a hurry, feel that along the way is how precious, turning around, finally found, in the corner of life, stay off a love, this love, once the warmth of life!
China good husband and wife, this is drunk......
Once there was a group of egg, the days of suffering......
Courage is not to make you angry, but when you are angry, can quickly rebuild their smile.
Zhao Zhongxiang recently in the "Oriental live room," the program said in favor of the live bear bile". He said, you can see the living blood donation, live bear bile can not do it?" However, Zhao Zhongxiang is to profit as objective and excessive plunder, cruelty to animals and the behavior of enterprises Criticism: "but people to benefit, Yuhenantian, there is no limit to obtain, it is animal abuse the." Zhao "Mingzui" more and more people don't want to say.
[migrant workers around the battle wages of migrant workers in Wuhan to catch up with the coastal] in order to recruit to people, retain people, the migrant workers for the hand, the Yangtze River Delta, Pearl River Delta and the province's enterprises and government exert all over skill, enterprises to improve treatment, giving space for promotion, government subsidies for training, providing the chance to settle down... Policy to stay, treatment to stay, the feelings of the people, the cause of the people, this is a very fierce battle for migrant workers.
Luoji Mountain Grand Canyon] [heroes "Heroes" Luoji Mountain Grand Canyon is located in the small town of Dechang County high. Into the mouth of the scenic area, but see a sword like a brook high thousands of feet of the peak splitting into two halves, divided into North and south sides of the Strait, cliffs over a long period of time, still retains the wonders of the, namely south protruding cliff is symmetric and concave on the north shore.
[Batman chariot will in Surrey, England auction] British man, Michael Keaton spend nine million pounds, time-consuming a year making. The bat car uses a 3.2 litre Jaguar (Jaguar) engine with automatic transmission, the chassis is specifically tailored, and the rear wheel drive with a flame injector and hydraulic suspension, can accelerate from 0 to 96 km in just 5 seconds.
Xiaogang's upcoming drama "the Qing Dynasty collection" has entered the post production, plan 2014 Spring Festival landed in the prime time TV, Xiaogang said, the drama "definitely not Dadanaonao joking".
Singer Wu Yifan's latest single, "there is a place," MV official exposure. As the movie "there is only one place we know," the theme song, the first song once released will have to break a number of playing and recording, Wu Yifan became the most powerful man in the power of god. Wu Yifan in the water jump, skimming over the surface of the light, dreamy colors and full of plot of the film picture perfect fusion.
A touch of autumn, the streets of Zurich -- Switzerland
[exfoliating products, face and body can be mixed? In fact, not recommended mix]! The body skin, especially the leg, arm and elbow waste cutin metabolism exuberant, face to exfoliating products is difficult to meet the needs; the facial skin than the body skin more delicate, more sensitive, so the body to horny product on the face, is likely to cause harm.
[Bayesian arc to reproduce the rivers and lakes of the British media called Olympic team blind] in the weekend a American major league baseball game, England star David Beckham scored two goals, helping the team than 5 3 win, two balls are signs of bainite Tulwar, lament reproduce Beckham United era. For Beckham's state and performance, the British media caliber consistent
Einstein Meet is the smallest horse in the world, and it is even less than a newborn baby. The horse can be said to be the smallest horse in the world. It's been 3 months now. It's been a Einstein. It's only 14 inches high. And it's only 6 pounds.
Never had a thing to go, only to have no mood to go. Life has a lot of precious things, is worth our life memories, but there are many things worth giving up, is worth us to delete. Some people say that life does not look back, it is said that life has no delete key.
You think that the burden of life is the courage, in fact, have been to the life you really want to be more need courage. -- the road to revolution
[ye Zhong nature reserve] Yezhong Natural conservation area is located in Shuicheng County Ye Zhong Xiang the Beipan River area, is a provincial nature reserve. Protected areas exist within a national level to protect animals langurs and second class protected animals, monkeys civet, goral, musk deer and other 13 kinds of rare animals.
With music, candle and bell may peace and happiness be with you. The music around, the flickering candlelight, bells drifting into the distance, let happiness, health, happiness, come to next to you and your family.
Do you have any more to do with the sound of my sister?!! Foreign beauty a man to imitate the 151 kinds of small demon, a large collection of sounds!! Are full of memories!!
[5 classically ribs -- to red meat shoes! ] whether hospitality or eat their own cooking sauce, steamed, fried, cooked,. Each great!
Look at this man ah ~ ~ ~ enchanting pinch
[pregnant Ma whole milk or skim milk to choose? Normal pregnant mom choose] whole milk (pure fresh milk) can be, not with skim milk. Because of the fat soluble vitamins A, D, E, K, etc.. Hyperlipidemia, obesity, cholecystitis did not attack the pregnant Mommy can choose low-fat milk; cholecystitis pregnant Ma Ma period, stable period of pancreatitis, mild diarrhea, drink skimmed milk more security ha, pro.
[mental] that wake up in the morning, we will say to yourself: "today is the best day!" No matter what happened yesterday, has become the past, can not change. Don't let yesterday's troubles affect today's good mood! Cry, is also a day; laugh, is also a day, why not let us with the most beautiful mood is good every day?
Lovelive! - Nishiki Nomaki.
The most unusual folk style Taiko Master version
The British indie pop group of two Rue Royale Every Little Step new single "beautiful scene", tells the story of a ballet dream. From childhood and adult montage collage touching.
[Yang Mi's new movie hold live in love HD trailer is about to be released.
["Wu3 Da4 goddess" Huang cancan the latest pure pictorial beauty become sexy cook] in the running in the red Wu3 Da4 goddess huangcan explosion brothers "recently to us brought a new set of photo, the photo is fresh retro looks pure and sweet Huang cancan seems to be really do not have some flavor.
The Rahxephon "02, Sirius 2017 over Tokyo suddenly appeared the mystery of the intruder, the purpose of all unknown, human and called for mu enemy super weapon fighting, forces of all countries in the world have been hit hard. However, after the formation of the Tokyo Jupiter in even the earth forces and the enemy formation stalemate.
[traveled to Moscow meeting of the Communist Party of China 6] in 1928 in late April to 5 months early, on behalf of all provinces braved the danger has arrived in Shanghai. Go to the Dalian boat, ride the train to Harbin, north to Manchuria, crossing the border into the Soviet union. The road often encounter the Kuomintang police spy and Japanese police spies tracking inventory, which has poor response to the risk was arrested. Zhou Enlai wrote about her adventures with Deng Yingchao!
Take me with you.
[Lei Yue Li Taiyan] sweet wedding kiss embrace a big show of affection
Meng turned! Two small Lolita involved in the ice bucket challenge, baby ~ ~ Hello brave ah, pay attention to the body, don't catch a cold!
Know the truth, do not know what will be the response?
A woman wrong is the most difficult thing in world. Proving proved that a woman is wrong, is the most difficult thing in the world.
Time quietly flowing, years quietly go. Give yourself a piece of the sky, regardless of wind and rain, fly bravely; give yourself a smile, calm and confident, and firm.
How many years of age to wait, a lot of people have not had time to say goodbye to leave, a lot of things have not yet done it has become the past. Life, who has not hurt, pain, loss, regret. Not all pass will be met, not all have deep People are hurrying to and fro.
Recently a sequel to "kiss" has been on the Japanese island of Okinawa shooting, a domestic video website, released a video of the interview, you can see from the video, the sequel will to the wedding of the two protagonists opening -- the old version of the "kiss" did not take the protagonist of married life was many people regret, this time the audience satisfactory.
Our loneliness is like a city in the sky, as if it were a secret. -- "the city of the sky"
[Kansai] Jiangxi Xin Wei Ganzhou Longnan, national key cultural relics protection units. Hakka is the living fossil of the Hakka culture, preservation of the Central Plains ancient customs habit, life style, ancient Hakka houses the main architectural forms.
Can not say that the secret - dimple couple
Blue join porch added vigor. The original closet brown soft curtain for white sliding door, porch look more relaxed and agile.
The first person shooting game, the game's picture and its style, can not help but let me want to go to a certain mine a game big charge ', the same is red and blue teams to fight, and the game is very similar to the weapon, is the same with a company produced?
[Australia - Rome is located in a town of Southwest Queensland, distinctive style restaurants cafes, fragrant and elegant shopping store let Rome is full of the beauty of big cities and small towns of comfort and ease. The city retains a large number of outstanding public buildings, including the opening of the Rome court, public library, etc. in 1901.
When I grow up, you are old!
[official fall festival parade! 4 minutes with you watching Transformers movie] tetralogy of "Transformers" movie series total long together should have 10 hours, planing to those without the brain of detonation scenes, the main story simply accounted for does not take a long time. Recently, the transformers YouTube channel to upload a video, with the toy building blocks of the interpretation of the transformers, the full story, time spent only 40 minutes 3 seconds,
In Yiyang 12 Road on the bus, one aunt cut toenails with a knife in the riding process, let others dare not open. Figure aunt dressed in red slippers, sitting on the seat, and put your left foot on the edge of the seat, holding a red knife, bite a tooth, in hard to cut toenails.
Go to Beijing, take high-speed rail or by plane] 26, Shenzhen north to Beijing West G72 times the train will be officially opened, the departure time is 7:56, the day arrived at the end of the day, the full fare as high as 940 yuan, yuan. Shenzhen High-speed Rail first sold half ticket ticket......
Fresh apples, sweet! I've tried it!!
[Jingdong was traced to a user data suspected leak of the official said the possibility of hacking large] according to Chinese sound "center wide news" report, last night, some users through the microblogging broke the news that, Jingdong Mall user database information allegedly leaked. In this regard, the group said the night of the night to respond, only a small part of the user, and there is no large-scale information leakage.
[guardian] tower "guardian of the tower (The Lord of the Tower") is a tower defense game. In a small kingdom, there is a kind of king, the people of the kingdom in a happy day. However, the turning point came, you know. You need to come forward to protect the king.
[Linzhi] Linzhi spring and snow, wind, and the sun is shining, green everywhere. The singular natural landscape that is caused by the vertical air temperature change, always let a person palpitating with excitement eager to do sth.! Under the snow, as the spring breeze comes suddenly, the trees are peach blossom. Do not have a broad, vigorous, magnificent, the lore of the beauty of the plateau. Along State Road 318 from the south of the Sichuan Tibet line into Linzhi, people really experience the most beautiful road Chinese.
Life such as grass; the grass, there is no flower that, bloom annoys the human to like, no trees, tall shade, grass, though not the tree big. But the grass will try to make yourself more green. Some just wanton growth, remember that there is water and soil where it is. To fade away the flowers for a moment, one day it will die. Dankan tall trees, one day will be dry. Only the grass, which place can survive, burn, blow and
