My grandmother was dying to see the sun, the future daughter-in-law. He said to the girl who always likes to say: &quot; I want to rent you to be my girlfriend, at most half a month. &quot; explanation, the girl consented. He make all-out efforts in her bed, every little bit is the girl in the eyes, she secretly impressed for his filial piety. After her grandmother left, the girl said to him: &quot; I also want to rent you as a boyfriend. &quot; &quot; how long? &quot; &quot; lifetime! &quot, the girl took his arm and smiled
After breaking up, you can not be friends, because each other hurt; can not do the enemy, because love each other deeply. So we become the most familiar stranger.
Simple letter sweater take taro purple short paragraph eider down clothing, emitting a fresh Korean style, pants match dark gray pants and black boots, modelling concise not burdensome to significantly thin.
In the green jacket + skirt casual Street tannins Aberdeen, feeling and girl arise spontaneously, handsome.
["hero alliance" fan paintings enjoy] Xiaobian for everyone to bring the latest issue of "hero alliance" fan paintings, these works are from foreign some quite famous painter, but unfortunately, these works little sister paper figure, like Ali, policewoman, good luck sister these popular heroine ran to where, don't abroad unpopular? Come together and enjoy the masters.
[Tuscany] is a region of Italy, often being the most beautiful part of Italy. Known for its beautiful scenery and rich artistic heritage. There are 6 was listed as World Heritage: historic centre of Florence, Pisa bishop Cathedral Square, San Gimignano History Center, the historic centre of Siena, Pienza history center and Waerdaoerqiya.
I'm going to go! Now only to find that bear children have to climb the brutal skills of the refrigerator ah! Bear children too cruel, may see the next empty handed pick knives! ~
[12 constellations of new year fortune] ARIES:]]]]]; Taurus:]; Gemini:]]]]; cancer:]]. Leo:]. VIRGO:]]]]], Libra:]]]]. Scorpio:]; SAGITTARIUS:]]]]; CAPRICORN:]]; AQUARIUS:]; Pisces: * *.
"I want to give you the best life, I want to make your face every day there is a smile, I do not want you to squeeze the subway every day, do not want to force yourself to be strong."
The name of love to play, love speed is fast, the love in the future is guess, love is behind the injury, love to break up is helpless, love is olive, vows of love is never separated.
[Shenzhen kitchen waste management regulations: processing of waste oil in 10 times the value of the penalty] should be like, check to sent the money, otherwise this waste oil to ban the when is the head wow...
There is always such a place, a person, let you heart, nostalgia. There is always a person, a sorry, let you heartache, imprint is engraved on my heart.
[YAMATO.1/6.Creators'Labo series.Dendrobium sisters, a: Asha bud with American sensual style of illustration in West e field, once participation over the SchoolDays "series making several game company 0verflow and really made him famous in the comic Mega store" the happy days of Barrett's esophagus (be)
When you eat with friends or lovers, suddenly the other phone rings, you can only listen to his embarrassment to the phone, it will inevitably be a little affect the mood. However, if you take this handkerchief, after the cell phone is wrapped up, it will be able to magically turn the phone signal shielding, Phone Is You My Off For (for your shutdown) can also give each other a reminder of the.
Adverse reaction: vehicle exhaust emissions is not qualified for the disease: is the fuel system problems, such as nozzle, valve product carbon; green maintenance: motor vehicles every time 15000 to 20000 kilometers need to clean and maintain a fuel system, using the oil system in addition to water anti rust cleaning agent, remove the system of carbon and carbon, to prevent corrosion, avoid and stop sealing and water tank leakage, but also completely replace the old antifreeze coolant.
When you watch a love when, you don't need to and what to discuss what is the pure love, you just have to look at the two men gaze would understand: love is to act, not to discuss.
The design of high waisted collar is not only a charming clavicle, more long legs, instantly have a perfect body.
One night, a gangster broke into a house, shaking hands of the knife to the master said: "you want to dare to shout, I'll give you some color see." He said: "his girlfriend color, what color is not clear."
This is actually an alarm clock? But it seems that there is no place to show time ah? What is going on? In fact, this is a alarm clock, but its timekeeping is very special: different from traditional voice alarm clock, through the real occurrence to timekeeping, this alarm clock is the volume of the voice to tell you the time. You just need to take it lightly, you can know the time. But, you are really hard to count.
Don't be too simple, too. Pure and not what is missing, but not bad, but when we enter the adult society, simply to become a kind of injury, because others will not be like the simple way to treat our children. Our over simplicity, in other people's view is a kind of silly, sometimes, but also become a thorn hurt others, we will also be too simple or thought to pay the price.
[anti-aging food]: the source of protein and vitamin B group. Blueberry: Super antioxidant. The broccoli: strong anti-cancer weapons, a vegetarian main source of iron. The oat categories: lower cholesterol and blood sugar of the hero. The Orange: rich in vitamins, eat more beneficial than drinking. The pumpkin is rich in carotenoids. The wild salmon: provide essential fatty acids.
God level synchronization clips many film and television is a spoof of Stephen Chow! Not regret
Little red riding hood to open the door, I'm your grandmother!!
Are like rainbows. They look good from a distance but disappear when you get up close to them Weekends - the weekend is like a rainbow. Far from beautiful, but when it came to the brush, it did not.
[cream cheese baked sweet potato] sweet potatoes washed skin, microwave oven high fire heating 5-8 minutes, remove, cut in half, dig out the sweet potato meat retained about 3mm of skin do care for. Sweet potato Chengdu add butter, cheese, milk, custard powder and sugar, stir together into Cheese Potato stuffing. The filling back support in sweet potato, brush a layer of egg yolk. Preheat the oven to 180 degrees, bake in the oven for about 20 minutes, until golden brown.
No matter which one thing, which kind of industry, as long as the beginning of the end has been done, has been done, it will naturally form a moving place, a kind of enthusiasm and a persistence, which is the actual combat. -- Hsiao-Hsien Hou
Your father [quality standards.? ] men, three words mentioned in "the child is not taught, the father of the" children's education, and father can not shirk responsibility drop oh. Don't let the wife, father, mother and teacher identity fusion as a whole, tired. Play games, storytelling (ChAT), go to the park and various activities, how little a than my mother was strong and grandpa smart, grandma and agile, than the teacher put the hands of dad?!
Overall design of [the Rolls Royce phantom Shanghai auto show in the domestic first] the Rolls Royce phantom Gusteau based on and in the design of the front still follows a family style, inherited the classic grille, and similar to Gusteau rectangular banner type xenon headlights. But in the LED lamp strip around the contour, grille area, chrome bar, are quite distinct from Gust.
[Qin wok pot shrimp] 1. Shrimp to the mud line. Wash and drain; 2. Onion cut small pieces, celery to the leaves, cut short paragraphs; 3. In the pot put the amount of oil, the shrimp into the deep fried and discoloration to turn a small fire slowly fried to the housing crisp, remove; 4. In pot remaining oil saute onion and saute a small fire; 5. Add shrimp, just the right amount of salt, stir fry, put a little cooking wine and stir Ruwei. Into the celery stir fry can be.
[lack of sleep = lifelong memory loss?] workers to work overtime stay up?? the latest research shows that, even if the lack of 2 hours of sleep each night will cause irreparable loss to the memory function of the human brain, & quot; the brain every night must have enough time to daytime memory backup. This is very important! Otherwise no archive memory will disappear permanently. & quot; if feel a slight headache, memory began to disappear the alarm has been sounded.
Mulan Wei Chang is also called the royal hunting ground in Qing dynasty. Weichang County is located in the territory of northern Chengde. The thing about 150 kilometers, about 100 km long from north to south, Zhou Changjin 700 km, with a total area of about 10400 square kilometers, the Saihanba National Forest Park is in the scenic area. Since ancient times, here is a lush, the animals gathered natural gardens.
I'm probably just a bird. Full of alertness, not easy to stay. So I have been flying.
Gao Xiaosong released the last record in life
Dog sun! This posture is very leisurely!
[guide children] many children make the same mistake, my parents asked: "you how not to grow, this is something I have said a hundred times." If you do not guide the children to think, say one thousand times also useless. Parents should lead their children to think of the consequences before doing things. Children think of the consequences, they will not take the blind action.
My hair, my sister is not confident, domineering exposed, sister, is fluttering in the wind!!
"Loss of female" Kuroki Chiko high reduction shame COS
[father to actively participate in child care] dad actively participate in the child care has 7 benefits: 1 Let wife less depression; 2 children after 3 years of social ability strong; 3 children learning performance is better; 4 with the father relationship is important indicator of child mental health; 5 influence after the daughter of the attitude; 6 Influence son of man spirit; 7 children is friendly, dare to trust others.
Life's but a walking shadow, a meddling in the arena of the actor, in the debut for a moment, is in the silent quietly back; it is told by an idiot story, that is full of sound and fury, but can not find a sense.
Second; third; fourth; fifth; Sixth; seventh; 65%; eighth; 60%; Ninth; 40%; tenth; 35%; 55%; 80%; twelve;; 95%; eleventh; 30%; 75%; 85%; 70%; tenth.
This is a lightweight office chainsaw, designers with plastic and light metal as a chainsaw, the main production of raw materials, in addition, only need to connect USB interfaces this chainsaw work can begin. No matter from which point of view, it should be the light of a practical chainsaw.
[10V10 to fight! Dota travelogue "cavalry" demo] "cavalry" is a play dota where the game development Olympus network operations of war games, the main features of the Armored Cavalry "is 10v10 battle mode, but is still 3 line troops. Game background from the three countries, players can choose the three heroes have 74. Can be said to be a sequel to all three, regardless of style or picture.
[management 90 staff four practical experience] 1, don't waste time on the boring PPT, they used to go in one ear and out the other. 2, case, regulations as a supplement. 90 after a personality, but no direction sense; 3, so that everyone involved. 90 after the brain in what, if you do not ask, never know; 4, more encouragement and praise. Praise, flowers and candy are always the most effective means of encouragement.
Banff National Park is a model for other national parks in the world. The Park Management Bureau has implemented a fixed point and strictly stipulated the architectural style, which is not allowed to appear in the aspects of the height, materials, color, etc..
Adelaide's first Apple retail store opened on Saturday, according to foreign media reports, local time on Saturday at 10 am, apple is located in the Mall Rundle Shopping Center retail stores will be officially opened, this is apple in Adelaide (South Australian city) opened the first Apple store, it is also Apple's twentieth retail stores in australia.
Sitting quietly on the street cold stone, the slightest cold che. Lit a cigarette, hard breath, smokey the my line of sight, yellow street light irradiation my lonely, looking at the only the shadow, I smile a sound. In addition to the cigarette, who can feel my trembling lips?
The state of mind is well, the happiness is often kept. Life is most afraid of what all want to care about, but what are not firmly grasp.
He broke up with him, and he loved him. Every day, he goes to his room to see him. He felt that, even though he was not around, he had enough of the news to know his news every day. As usual, he opened up the space, but this time the page has changed. That just a few words, but the pain of his heart, "I'm sorry, you have no right to visit this space," he found that now he is completely lost.
Forever a classic black and white match, how to take are not wrong dress rules, sweet, temperament, Keluoli. All of these you are the hold live!
The TV setting wall is composed of two parts, the background of marble and black painted glass is composed of striated, is in the middle of metallic solid wall, for the living room to create a richer sense of hierarchy.
Honey honey beauty beauty recipe - small recipe 1 (honey) have nourishing skin care hairdressing effect. Daily Fumian, make the skin smooth, delicate. Honey beauty - small recipe 2 (honey vinegar) warm boiling water, 2-3 times a day, taking time. Insist for a long time, can make the rough skin tender and moist. - Honey beauty small recipe 3 (honey egg olive oil) to make face delicate, youth
I know that I can not guarantee that your life will never be in trouble, even if the whole effort of my life to your happiness, I still can not guarantee. Siddartha once said on the beach, and the shipwreck compared, more let him heart, the world is no understanding of impermanence.
[Land Rover Freelander 2 cabin spy photos exposure take Chery 2.0T engine with rumors that the Freelander 2 is paired with Chery of 2.0tgdi engine made in advance road test, recently exposed a group of Freelander 2 cabin spy photos show that prior to the authenticity of the rumors, the engine does printed with Chery logo. Land Rover's first domestic models will be officially unveiled next year.
Clearly can do, can not do. Clearly like the people, can not like. Clearly suffering and so on, but also installed strong. I know a lot of things to do, but to control their endurance, do not let each other. Obviously want to make a phone call, but according to the last number, according to the closure. When a word play, repeatedly increase and decrease, for fear of a word wrong information, send the difference. But by the end of all the deleted. This is to become
Mourinho U disk, where to steel to wear Oh, ha ha ha!
April Fool's Day twelve who is the most fool Pisces: April Fool's day this day, Pisces the most stupid. April Fool's day this day, Aries second fool; CAPRICORN: April Fool's day this day, Capricorn third fool. LIBRA: April Fool's day, Libra fourth fool. Sagittarius: April Fool's day this day, Sagittarius fifth fool.
Women love a man will be 100%, and the man will leave a certain space to love, so, men will continue to appear different roots, different friends, for this, men always have a kind of vanity. So, when a man says to the woman, "you have to leave thirty percent to love yourself.". The woman will cry, because this sentence is too late, the woman has long for love to pay 100%, the pay is no longer back.
Best feeling in the world is when the person you like The, you back. like the world's most beautiful feeling is that you like people, just like you.
A man's day VS a woman's Day
Sometimes it is a coincidence, but sometimes it is a kind of persistence. Compared with the possibility of a more rigid. Say so, don't you think even if it is a kind of fate to encounter, if just met, and then separate, but that never meant to be. The real fate, is you can meet, and can stick to it. Clinging to the love, is the world's largest fate.
When you love him, he thinks he is the king. Without your love, what else could he have to show off to your world? You light him up, and he really thinks he's shining. In the world of love, pulling off the role of the ordinary, he may not be better than an ordinary man knows how to pamper yourself with a woman.
[Google's mobile patents: virtual keyboard according to hold machine posture resourcefulness, according to foreign media reports, generally in the hands of the smart phones or tablet, the position of the virtual keyboard and some of the user interface are fixed, the lack of flexibility. Recently, Google has acquired an important mobile terminal, the virtual keyboard and user interface will be based on the user's control terminal mode of different changes.
Neonatal dehydration fever refers to neonatal at 2 - 5 days temperature suddenly rose to 39 DEG C to 40 DEG C, children with irritability, crying non-stop, serious skin pale, sunken fontanel in infant, chapped lips, feed water or infusion, the temperature will decline rapidly, everything is back to normal. This often happens in a hot environment, the body of the newborn body of water lost through the skin and respiratory, blood concentration of sodium concentration in blood and lead to a relatively high concentration of sodium
"The queen of the Prada" is a film based on his own experience in the Lauren Weisberger (Weisberger Lauren). About a just graduated from school girl Andrea Sachs coincidental into a top fashion magazine as an editor to their assistant during the period of the story
There was once a bus, a very many people, I will be free to hold a metal pole. Many people get off, I found, I have been holding a metal rod of the mop. A woman holding a mop, a hand holding a child, staring eyes on me
Day is Louis Koo speak 999 dermatitis flat, this idea is too funny!!
Shallow yellow floral curtains fresh quietly elegant, modeling simple and elegant sofa a printing on package is particularly eye-catching, relying on a bag and curtain echo rich sense of space level, the whole space is natural and transparent.
[9 months early on: crawling movement and cognitive abilities give the baby more opportunities to practice crawling, with home toys or objects for his journey more changes, he will feel crawl very happy. 2 baby to help understanding the causal relationship of the dark side of things, for example, to turn on the lights, turn off the lights at dawn..
Although he often quarreled with his parents, but he loves his parents very much. So it must not be said that his parents are not good. I was just because a call is really urgent to scold his mother, although he is not his mother, but his mother is very sad, he always remember today. He doesn't like listening, so you have to remind him not to let him go to school, although he is very clever.
[a Sagittarius woman how to make "want to get married" signal becomes "zhongseqingyou"; a Sagittarius woman has always attached importance to friendship weekend poly party k k song, enjoy the friend to accompany the fun. When you find female shooter holiday weekend began to no longer keen to Hupenghuanyou join with travel to play, but rather obediently house at home accompany you, is not difficult to see, the Sagittarius woman has begun in the cultivation of strong family values, the!
Food collocation] from the food supplement calcium is relatively small, but mothers can through the mix of different foods and diversification of cooking food, let the baby to eat, so as not to because the baby's partiality for a particular kind of food caused the lack of nutrition, and should pay attention to combining the development characteristics of the baby taste buds, avoid the sweet and sour food, choose colorless and tasteless approximate breast milk taste best.
Ah? Just what is the past?
Guo Jingjing and her husband Kenneth Fok attended the first postpartum charity dinner Jitu debut, "crystal just treasure" name exposure.
Second was met for a super like his twin friends of the Xiaopen, two small basin friends follow the road, play with pictures, everyone happy drunk to
You want to be happy in love to be willing to be hurt. Love is a bit of accumulation, bit by bit, slowly collection in the bottom of my heart, slowly in the bottom of my heart, two people together to protect. Quietly, love has changed, became a kind of thing called happiness, in the two people, between the whole life......
Brine abalone abalone shell rinse clean, put into the casserole 2. Prepare good alone garlic, dried chili, orange peel, cinnamon and anise and ingredients. The alone garlic peeled, smashed dry chili, orange peel, cinnamon and anise into filter paper bag sealed tight 4. Filter bag and alone garlic into the casserole. Add soy sauce, water, fire boil, turn a small fire cook 30 minutes about 6. Turn the fire, dry soup. Dish, you can eat.
Why "bad" girl who married a good girl, and often be married to a bad husband? Because they don't know how to conquer men. Let a man think himself at your feet, is to play some "scheming". A scheming woman can not only easy walk in the society, not to ask for things to worry about and love life satisfactory.
Stood up, can only stand in this little box
When you feel sad, it's better to learn something. Learning will make you invincible.
[in addition to the toilet stink 3] (1) as long as in the toilet place 1 cup vinegar: vinegar is valid for 6 - 7 days every a week or so to replace a vinegar. The cool oil deodorization: oil cooler box open the cover on the lower corner of the bathroom, the smell can be removed. A box of cool oil can be used for 2-3 months; the superphosphate deodorization: often sprinkle superphosphate in the toilet, the smell will be in addition to.
[Liuzhou] Liuzhou! Chanting Liu Zongyuan poetry, saddle hill overlooking see this city; imitate the style of poets, equivalent to the infinite happiness; Baili Liujiang, day and night variety color; pink snail to many spicy, little coffin to how many money, the Longtan beauty to several affectionate? This land has a lot of choices, carefully look at the beauty of the industrial city, unique!
"Ruthless fate, when every time I cry, only acoustic guitar, muttering and count the stars, lonely as doomed, prayer is the warmth of love.... Daren and seek cover for everyone to bring a song" motto "! It's nice to hear.
Son came home from school, muttering the teacher really stingy. I asked the reason, his son said: "outside the teacher to our class, our teacher prepared a lot of cute little gifts, said to be a question, who actively answer to who. My classmates and I are going to raise their hands!" I said: "answer the question to be able to get a small gift, good thing!" The son said: "the teacher can go, our teacher announced that the small gifts are given, and then listen to the future
Because of its unique shape, the mosaic element has become the darling of the bathroom design. Beige and black purple, consistent with the overall style of the bathroom, is a mature love.
Confession...
When you cherish your past, your present and your future, you stand at the top of your life. When you realize that you will not make you, you will not stand in your life.
Super hard to play golf
To be honest, the mask will sooner or later be seen through. Flexible and flexible, but know how to take the advice of others at the right time. Not all bowed, no idea, this will only give the impression of weakness, ability insufficient bad impression.
You do not understand love, your love is too selfish, unscrupulous. "The legend of Nuwa Lingzhu --"
Years, there are always a lot of regret to make up for.
Subaru brz] [the Subaru brz car belongs to the Toyota 86 (Note: the North American version called the scion fr-s, the European version is gt86, Japanese version called 86) of the sister car, the car with horizontally opposed engine and front rear wheel drive layout. Suspension form for the former Mcpherson independent suspension, rear suspension. Wheelbase reached 2570mm, the car up to 4239mm, wide 1775mm, 1285
[the British car thief crashed police arrested]
We have the whole world, what, we can only eat three meals, sleep in a bed. Even if you have one hundred beds, you can only have a bed; even if you have one thousand pairs of shoes, you can only wear a pair of. Even if you can order one hundred dishes, but how much can you eat? Can only hold a stomach.
Mummy.. Is that my younger brother?
The baby looks like an uncle. This is a genetic factor, not a human being. The baby body on the chromosome XY, which X chromosome from the mother's eggs, and the mother of the chromosome XX and baby uncle's chromosome XY is from the same parents, that is, the baby body carries the X chromosome may be the same as his uncle, so much more than the same as the uncle's nephew said.
[if chrome paint collocation horse enough to attract the eye of words, then who can? ] Galpin produced, equipped with the new aerodynamic package, handmade steel wing, body widening 228mm, covering forgiato three piece wheels and Pirelli tire width.
[dishes turned gorgeous -- Beijing jiangrou silk] Beijing pork in soy sauce is a traditional Beijing food, the sweet bean paste fried incense and pork stir fry, spring onion and tofu skin, fistular onion stalk fresh red gas diluted the greasy a trace of meat, eat up is really taste rich, it is worth a try oh.
Smelly boy, this is the reason that you watch porn in the middle of the night.
Can't stand you hating me forever. I I can't stand you forever hate me.
Raise children's communication ability] 1) encourage children with small partners to their play.) the children of the world, parents fear their children suffer, not unable to endure to for children head.) don't take parents negative emotions to the child 4) don't let the child too much dependent on you, learn to be tolerant and considerate of others, let him independent conflict resolution, parents behind. 5) vision: children to nature, encourage him to be brave. Opinions
Oblique roof brings more design space, not only can put on a large number of skylight, but also can be designed into the wall of a transparent glass wall. A frame window brings good light. The red and black matching in the living room is also very attractive to the eye.
To be reduced to fragments sentences sad picture, see the worried! Listen to the sad melody, guess what your heart is! Look at the world a good fuzzy point, see too clearly, the more pain the more pain! The reality of the society, we are still relatively good fantasy! Either life will be ruined over the body phosphatfilter hurt!
[DIY Tremella jujube meat soup] Cooking: first the tremella and red dates was placed inside the cooker, add water 1500 milliliters (about 6 bowls of water), the fire into the pot boil, small fire cook for 20 minutes, add pork and ginger, roll to the cooked, transferred amount of salt can edible. Efficacy: Blood dryness, skin cleansing and spot removal of reactive power, especially suitable for work stress, pressure of white-collar ms..
Some people say: true love, there is no secret behind. -- Beijing music and road
Arch, the soil is yellow with red brown interlaced can in the case of find, the layout of the living room is very atmospheric, like a palace like spacious, neat symmetry is law of space design, can let indoor space is more beautiful and delicate.
[mental reminder] fate always surprise a problem, then you will produce a kind of illusion, seem to have many choices in front of you, you can follow one's inclinations. In fact when you, than any time in the past to the lonely and difficult, you don't know fog when it will be cleared, you don't know which way full of thorns, which path hidden marsh, can only rely on is your intuition, only to follow, is your heart
5 kinds of heat stroke risk group, 1, pregnant or postpartum maternal postpartum physical exertion, physical weakness and easy to heat stroke; 2, infants and young children each system development is not perfect, the body temperature adjustment function is poor; 3, heart function is not the body heat can not be distributed in time; 4, diabetic patients with internal and external environment temperature change reaction is slow; 5, malnutrition.
[more rich manipulation of the fun of Los Angeles to test drive the new Lexus GS] Marines airport runway in the vast expanse of the United States El Toro airbase before, lined up a new generation Lexus GS cars is poised to take off, by many cones are arranged, original factory specially designed ring test runs, will give us the opportunity to be able to explore the control capability of a new generation Lexus GS cars
The so-called excess information is not to say that you have too much reading, it refers to the excess of all input information. If you let all of the information flow into the brain, of course, it will be difficult to think clearly, because the stimulus source too much.
[psychological reminder] the upper part of the affair, with all the heart, the result was seriously injured. So this love afraid of injury, it is very reserved. This means: the last time that you hurt your bad people, get the most complete you, and this development of the lovers, get a very cold. I know you are protecting yourself, but if you do business, you must fall. Never again to the evil of customers, get the best service, and the new customers, but it is neglected, the store can not fall
[generation Audi Q7 imaginary figure new front design] following after the exposure of the new generation Audi Q7 hand drawing. Recently, overseas media and exposure a replacement Q7 latest imaginary map, and that the new car is expected to be on the market next year. The figure shows us the family face the new Audi.
Sorry, this microblogging has been deleted. View help: http://t.cn/8sYl7Qb
[making] does not have the Spring Festival home, PubMed, no tickets, work......
Save water! Cherish every drop of water.
Sawdust Cup] [1. Digestive biscuits into the blender, beaten biscuits foam. The whipping cream add condensed milk. Add the right amount of vanilla. Light whipping cream. In the cup into a layer of biscuit unqualified compaction, put in a layer of cream, by analogy, into the refrigerator cold night can be.
Sorry, this microblogging has been deleted. View help: http://t.cn/8sYl7Qb
There is a girl called little 7.
The more you think about it when you fight, the more you fight. The quarrel is to give vent to their inner negative emotions, not to clarify the rights and wrongs, not to mention in the intense emotions, how can sense of right and wrong. So, when a fight, the more clearly the emotional state of the people, the more not easy to hurt.
Audi is working on the basis of a systematic study of the various aspects of power driven technology. The performance e research project can be seen as a think tank for Audi, which is a modular component system for power driven technology. In the framework of the research project funded by the German Federal Ministry of education and Research (BMBF), this research has accomplished the birth of the F12 movement research vehicle.
[Yangtze River fishing in the arena of human cadaver "laws": don't pull the boat roping water pulled away] there is a demand, there is a market, market rules, Luzhou Yangtze River, a group known as "Kelpie" fishing corpse "over the years sustains their own set of rivers and lakes" rule "... Superstition is the body, after death will be dead if you stay in the river. As for drowning families, perhaps is a kind of more practical to be laid to rest to
The mental monitor is a great pain, and the sleep will be forgotten. Carrying out yesterday after tomorrow, will every moment. Walking and forget to feel the happiness of every head. Worry not for the night, forget to be happy.
The long-awaited! A 18 year old French DJ Guicai new Madeon The City ultra clear MV premiere!
[hair recommended] mood not HERSHEY'S can change a hairstyle, to make a new! So many hair style, which one do you like?
Do you know, in this world, there are some people who have the heart, the tenacious of happiness. And such a joy, mostly based on happiness and unhappiness of the intersection point, climbing the peak of happiness, then falls unfortunate Valley, to suddenly see the light, the world never did anything lost more than permanent. So, in their own can also have a happy time, to count every minute and second. -- "marriage"
What is the 3S lady life the most regret?
[2013 first sampling results published Ningbo origin aquatic products pass rate of 100%] in May this year, the Ministry of agriculture in the city to carry out the first origin aquatic products quality and safety supervision, a random sampling of Xiangshan, Fenghua, Ninghai and etc. the 18 aquaculture units, sampling a total sample of 35 batches, the 20 batches of large yellow croaker, perch 15 batches. The qualified rate was 100%. Second sampling of aquatic products
The five principles of correct handling of the relationship between colleagues, whether you work in any department, good colleagues are very important. Well, happy; don't get along, it is bad, if you can put the five principles will be very happy. 1, straighten out on the distance of subordinate relationship. 2, straighten out colleague; 3, adjust to the matter of processing; 4, put right and bad line; 5, adjust attitude breakout combined.
The right time, meet the right person, is a kind of happiness. In the right time, met the wrong person, is a helpless. In the wrong time, met the right person, is a kind of sad. In the wrong time, met the wrong person, is a kind of torture. "Little love" --
[your love unbeaten index?] suppose now that the weather is getting cooler, you the wise, will choose one of the following which a warm clothing to send Valentine, but also for you to express passion? [A] B [D], [C], [a], [[]] [[]] [[]] [[]] [[]] [[]]. (Figure).
Love in my heart, I love you, not didn't love, but because love too. Time, let the deep things more and more deep, let the shallow things more and more shallow. See the light point, the injury will be less, the time is over, love is light, and it is scattered. Don't wait for someone, don't hurt the heart. We really want to live a long, long time, to understand, what you really miss, in the end is what kind of person, what kind of thing......
[overseas Chinese village to become the first high-rise residential solar energy application demonstration residential area, 6 Guangdong Solar Energy Association officially awarded the village of Guangdong Province, the application of solar energy demonstration community, which is the first high-rise solar energy application demonstration residential area, the installation of the world's largest solar water heating system. Overseas Chinese village of 24 households 1231 hours to open the taps on the use of hot water.
Needs of the game, but not to the game of life; life is a dance, but does not need to lead a happy go lucky life; remember, not all the people are really, so, don't be so easily believed. Remember, not everyone is you pay, so it's not so silly to give.
Aristocratic temperament in Lady Dress ~ I like the simple and elegant design ~ Hubble bubble sleeve, pleated skirt pendulum is very pure age reduction design ~ collar and pocket the inverted stitching and more attractive ~
Each being marginalized people, you always thought he was wrong, each people abuse you so depressed for a few days, life ultimately some reason people who look down on you, will encounter some reason to hate you, need not therefore affect our mood. On your way home, always meet a few dog barking at the roadside, you only need to continue to move forward, ignoring. Life is one side of the injury, while the society is strong.
[psychological hint: restrain mouth] 1, things were not fully confirmed before, do not say first, like the money did not arrive is not you, if the variables you will embarrassed 2, any secrets, in situ digestion, until you 3, don't talk exaggerated, to temporarily stunning effect, you have to pay do not fly the cost of 4, outspoken is that although the cool, regardless of others to listen to the mood, you always think you said the words of others will not know, in fact, will know.
Capricorn's love is very conservative, his heart and mind to others, of course, also hope that other people wholeheartedly to him, if the other side betray him, that he was hurt by life can not heal (even if the healing is also a scar). Unlike the Scorpio, you don't want to love, you don't want to love, also don't want to hate, just a person hiding in the corner slowly licking the wound. So choose a Capricorn, please do not easily give up.
[there are many entertainment circle peach trap, men and women together] this week Hong Kong entertainment because on Wednesday, HuXingEr suddenly was discovered and Bosco "secretly broke up" and officially activated. The ensuing development can be described as "stunning", in addition to Bosco, Bosco colleagues and good brothers Raymond and Ron and colleagues was discovered close relationship with different actress
[destroy burp 5 arcane] 1. Eat a big mouth vinegar; 2. Take a deep breath, hold, bent to 90 degrees, slowly expiratory, repeat 10 - 15 times. A clean spoon pressed the tongue. A few minutes later hiccups can be stopped; 4. Drink a large glass of warm water. Hold knees and oppression of the chest.
The 2014-15 season Serie A thirteenth Serie A "five ball", the ball had one wing raid & Tiewei 80 meters of a dragon.
Daddy duck and duck mother know ugly duckling grew up to become a swan and are happy for him, from a family lived a happy life and so on, we are ducks, Nyima our children is little swan how to return a responsibility?
[] mobile phone sounds for 5 seconds and then just a short 5 seconds, can greatly reduce the risk of brain cancer. The signal transmission system is not stable, and the power of electromagnetic radiation is the largest when the mobile phone is dialed the number and is connected. Therefore, answering the phone is best to wait 5 seconds, and then close to the ear of the phone, will reduce a lot of radiation.
And supervisor leadership and good relations between the boss, the boss is the boss of the private enterprise, so it must be good relations with the leadership. Even if all the colleagues do not like you, but as long as the leadership like you, you do not have a thing. On the other hand, even if all the people you love, but the boss doesn't like you, then you are certainly no good end.
Only when you most, you know who is always worrying about your idiot, who is estranged asshole
[star what feeling is dopey] Pisces started feeling very stable, regardless of whether the other side is what constellation, before we can not determine the relationship, their feelings or better the. But it is not too much to say that the feelings of Pisces can not afford too much frustration, and even some of the big points can not be a misunderstanding. Gemini Sagittarius Leo Aquarius
[crazy Max] Mel Gibson's fame, and later into the Hollywood is also because of this crazy people. Science fiction color is not strong, the road and violent color is outstanding, a person in the face of the group of violent resistance ~
Alone a person: a person without noise do not shout, Ann quietly; a person would be lonely, filling the night with past injuries and giggle yourself childish; when a person is free, not artificial, small world arbitrarily walk; a person to be strong, tears no shoulder to rely on is the head, not who you love yourself more than reality; one day we smile, walk with a smile, smiling face....
Charm fox COS: men are not escape my control.
God horse is dedicated?! Nurse to lick the monkey ass for 1 hours, to help their defecation
[Xiamen sister eloquence eloquent public urban police] Xiamen a homeowner debate four car inspectors and police onlookers applauded: \&quot; the Communist Party of China to 90 years old, our house for more than a hundred years, property cards you need? People and property are not protected, said that the Chinese society is a human right?? to deal with people you dispatched four cars, police, armed police, urban management are all mobilized, then powerful to recover the Diaoyu Islands.
Magic book won the best animated short film award
[Cross Fire] God struck! A first show ship headshot shuabing! ~
Sports on the most effective of the conditioning period, the movement can not only promote blood circulation and enhance the physical, for the improvement of irregular menstruation symptoms also have obvious effect. Appropriate to participate in physical exercise can improve the body's skills, the smooth transition of the menstrual cycle is very useful. At the same time, sports can also massage effect on the uterus, is conducive to the discharge of blood.
Porsche new Panamera plug-in hybrid weight loss of 40 kg, 2016 Porsche Panamera is expected to be equipped with the latest research and development of plug-in hybrid system, the use of lightweight body design, while retaining the V6 engine, the motor integrated in the gearbox, and further reduce the power loss of pure electric drive.
The moon -- see this version of One's blood boils with indignation. silly man, I will laugh at the blood ah, too tragic, vulnerable!
[Austria "five-star" prison, drawing room, gym, basketball hall readily available] people have lamented: "buy than jail ah!" The majority of slaves were feeling why Campbell.; Austria the inmates in prison in labor in addition to the wages are paid by the hour on a regular basis to improve wages, the government pay for prisoners service term unemployment insurance. A lot of people in Eastern Europe just came to Austria.
Japan chose to ignore history is the solution? ] in March 15, the Japanese government deliberately chose not to teach young people about the Japanese war atrocities, but the Japanese and Asian countries to understand the details of the war, but the historical relationship between Japan and Asia, as well as the disastrous destruction of World War II, and criticized the Anti Japanese war in neighboring schools. This triggered a strong dissatisfaction with Japan's neighbors, condemned the Japanese war atrocities, ignoring history is never the best way to solve the problem of history.
The texture of folds, washing yarn, it feels just right, slightly smooth. The most suitable arrangement of those simple, light, minimalist home, curtain, curtain!
When I say "just kidding", 50% of the time, I 'm not! -- when I say, "just kidding", 50 percent of the time, in fact I am not joking.
My left eye _ Haotonghaotong! Want to have Is it right? _ - red eye disease ah! Or lack of sleep, no reason! Why sleep is not two eyes!
I want to be 4399 Moore Manor 2 family members, as ambassador, my slogan is: I like 4399 mole of Manor 2 meme Princess friends, hurry to 4399 mole of Manor 2 support me! ([share] Oh bear dinner.
I went to this moment that my deepest love -_ white: who is, but I have not,, get your love again
Seventeen year old rainy season Jimmy Lin good - handsome /z like
I'm sorry, this microblogging has been deleted by the author. View help: http://t.cn/zWSudZc
[left] hold empty photographs _ just updated photos to my 3 album - space dream, come and have a look at it
# babe # notes
Up - down - Japan, to capture small _ empty!.
300000 kg of the most hot pepper free to send! If not go to the scene, look at the section @ Home Furnishing group
I'm sorry, this microblogging has been deleted by the author. View help: http://t.cn/zWSudZc
Marry marry grey wolf too unrealistic, if you encounter such a man to marry you......
May not see all eyes focused, only looking to understand the truth view! 16:9 you know! # escape my vision #
# I color my dream #
[this week recommended] awesome, do not delete the file, does not limit the number, reproduce Sabac war brilliant, 17 pm today, GMAX gaming masterpiece "OL" the glory of open test does not delete files, starting with Indoorsman sister home together... @ of OL
Is there a real life so hard to achieve? Thousand buyers dream is very difficult to realize, but thousands of owning a car is possible! Beijing modern launched "823 Langevin dynamic 'top secret mission, shock attack" activities to attract the participation of more than one million Internet users, very tempting prizes -- "823 yuan has a long" to help users to realize the dream of one thousand yuan of the following car, who can not tempted? Http://t.cn/zWCUXx4
Tanabata Festival, 8.15 to 8.25 consumption is not limited to the amount per person increased send eyebrow pencil MAKEOVER a; full 30 yuan exclusive custom false eyelash one of; full 60 yuan Korea clarinet lip gloss a; full 100 yuan super Waterproof Eyeliner Pen 1; full 140 yuan refreshing waterproof BB cream a; forwarding this micro Bo @ you three good friends gift store any beauty products
House, a kind of life attitude, or a new way of life, do not rigidly adhere to the form and content. Indoorsman really bad when ah!
It is said that this is the upcoming 360 antivirus version 4 interface, figure highlights.
It is said that each of the stores and the United States and the United States and the United States, there are such a sweeping old lady. Holding a mobile phone, carefully check the price tag, agile avoiding clerk. Secretly a smile: Hey hey, or Jingdong cheap... @ Liu Qiangdong
I'm sorry, this microblogging has been deleted by the author. View help: http://t.cn/zWSudZc
This year the most cheap comic, lying gun did not discuss! Your mood with grave as heavy? Work location too far, boss too stingy, work too boring? Boss KO artifact: http://t.cn/zWWXp52
The wisdom of net friend indeed as expected unlimited ah!!! How can I think of this ~ ~ ~ too much
The British players cried the most Chinese people at least? ] according to the Washington Post, video playback found 129 gold medal winner in 16% of the awards ceremony in tears. South Africa Klose 200m butterfly beat Michael Phelps after Tilei all to need paper towels, after winning the Dominican veteran 400m hurdles fell to my knees and cried bitterly. The top three medals, the athletes Chinese cried at least, only 7% tears, America 17%, the host country of Britain's 37.5%. (micro)
To his wife to buy things, you will never understand the pain! Every man is stingy story! []http://t.cn/zWWC4KX.
[travel health knowledge] clothing: Travel dress to light, generous, comfortable. Food: travel in the food to be fresh, variety, color beauty, taste fragrant, to facilitate the elimination of fatigue, prevention of disease. Live: in tourism accommodation requirements should be safety, convenience, comfort, health, stay after timely toilet, shower, replacement of underwear, massage waist and leg and leg muscles, is conducive to the elimination of fatigue. Line: travel shoes to be lightweight, breathable, anti slip.
Sorry, this microblogging has been deleted. View help: http://t.cn/8sYl7Qb
When the days are getting longer, the nights get shorter, more and more if you stay up late, often insomnia? Perhaps, in the mind, perhaps, there is no thought. However, there is always a corner in your heart, others can not go, you will not come. Not to love, because it can't meet a man. Single for a long time, and now only found that they have become a love incompetence".
[inspirational story! Double amputee blade runner create history] South Africa & quot; blade runner & quot; Oscar - Pistorius to create the history, he became the first legs amputated, they boarded the Olympics for the athletes. Today he in the men's 400 meter team race ran out of the personal best result this year 45 seconds 44, team ranked the second broke into the semi-finals. To pay tribute to the blade runner. This is a dream of the stick! (sina sports)
# stay up late to watch the Olympic Games, it is important to protect the eyes #
AOKANG # China cheer for athletes, London Olympic gold medal # guess
You and me # # workplace
Hateful, sad, ridiculous "unspoken rule" day price Promo from came out to find out the truth and how? It just a society reflects the objective image, in fact, there are a lot of we do not know, is the so-called no bribery is not bribery, as there is no sale no killing, to block the source is from my own make this year there are a few honest and upright official? In a word, if the upper beam is not straight,,,.
Zheng big eyes close to the event of the Olympic Games - now secret - China team gold medal win several, Jingdong will drop several fold! Everyone wishes China team more than 10 pieces, watching his brother how to end ah ~ Laozi today is not creative, and quickly queued onlookers! In this: http://t.cn/zWC80ZQ
Meng car. Pink GTR!!
Sorry, this microblogging has been deleted. View help: http://t.cn/8sYl7Qb
To Beijing "7 - 21" serious natural disasters have confirmed victims. [] [] [] Candle Candle Candle
Kid, you are to guards? Mobile phone party to see, free of charge on the GIF version of the http://t.cn/zWqYuZg
The highest realm of white formica!!! The younger sister paper is bright.
I'm sorry, this microblogging has been deleted by the author. View help: http://t.cn/zWSudZc
# body exclusive video #
#'s life #
I'm sorry, this microblogging has been deleted by the author. View help: http://t.cn/zWSudZc
Feng Shanshan visited the Sport Kolon store to pick up her favorite SPORT KOLON clothes, she said this jacket is really amazing, not only with red, green, dark blue three kinds of her favorite color, but also there are three ways to wear, the designer is simply too great! After the selection, Feng Shanshan is also kind of a group photo with her fans staff, lovely world champion, we all like her!
In 2 a "fishing Master Mai Chong _ killer" achievement! I want to let the world know that I _ / laughing - very low-key. [r]
Sorry, this microblogging has been deleted. View help: http://t.cn/8sYl7Qb
Football and the car, the man is never the heart of the split plot. The European Cup football performance ultimate Pakistan God this is absolutely wonderful, super stability of the bar of God to the world crazy! Consistent detachment, travel in the outer can return! As has been stable, let us wait and see tonight! @ HANKOOK tire Hankook
Dawn to see the sky at night to see the cloud, the line is also think of you, sit and think of you.
[levy] God nine flying micro-blog 18:37 on June 16, 2012, the nine gods with 3 astronauts blasted off. If there is no imagination, which is the moment to make the world's attention? For the blessing of God nine, 300000000. 360000 layer zighe called Fiyta Aerospace history the first high-rise micro-blog. # prize forwarding #
Is it right? Always feel the attenuation? Come and join the # singular point transport #
A while ago had just participated in the Yili QQ star launched the "child nutrition balanced survey, found that the partial eclipse picky eaters nutrition are quite serious. Today, it was found that the Ministry of health released the "China 0-6 years old children's nutrition development report (2012)", it seems that children's nutritional balance problem is really important.
Every company has some of the people in the company can have, often the person not the most capable, not the smooth and slick, but that always giggle. In fact, it is very simple, that is, in good faith! Treat your superiors, subordinates and colleagues alike, not because of the low level on the size of the eye as far as you can to help every person in need of help, this will let you have a good karma in the workplace.
Good morning, # flowers mood #
[microblogging ghosts II "zombie departed, first trailer] this is the era of a latent rules, but didn't humanity is the unspoken rules! Director Hu Shufen
# Thanksgiving father #
[# prize forwarding #
Lexmark equipment touch screen display of every icon, whether it is a solution? Lexmark is able to help customers manage business optimization, saving valuable time and money? Lexmark's recent acquisition of large hands will occur in what areas? Lexmark in the financial industry and what technology secrets? Accept the international finance news reporter, Lexmark International Co., Ltd., vice president of global Ronaldo for our one one secret! Http://t.cn/zODskZP
Ready to wear clothes, I have to make a lot of strong _ - (is to live) Joseph [ali]
As the saying goes, the mountain does not come over, people on the past; more than what strength, do not always go with their own, a good life, in their own! You in a word.
The worry is 12 words, not put, hard, see through, forget [heart] @ a word you.
There is a poison to kill _ [c] in the world irritability, poison, incurable, a poison called love - this! Alas, I won the poison you, unable to extricate themselves, how to do?
For the audience to share _ ah, is really a kind of emotional abuse... No _ way, unable to control.. Heart good pain, good uncomfortable.. .
I'm sorry, this microblogging has been deleted by the author. View help: http://t.cn/zWSudZc
# Baoshida fashion topic #
We note, the first phase of the awards is now entering the final conditioning awards time, users can chosen from a shortlist of 40 people you are most interested in, directly recommended finalists micro PO number, forward + comment form. Selection deadline for April 24th 23:59, air conditioning award winner of the final list will be announced in April 25th 9:00. Please pay attention!!!
# Baoshida reminder #
As a host has the sense of responsibility is to expose got close, had tears, stand straight waist, stop Gang, this is Zhaopu, this # is style #
Blood # Pifu # gangsta legend
Big actress essential moisture! [love you]Dior! Super invincible beautiful sunglasses, the day before yesterday, I also wash a pair of! [heart] today to receive the goods. The packing is awesome, very beautiful! [awesome] process did not have to say, wearing out around the circle, back rate high oh very temperament of a, ninety percent off stores are recommended to Seckill sister []&gt Rice porridge flower; &gt; http://t.cn/zOpMcaV
Blame sincere not faze help a man to seek the heroine, now and help you with female moves, ROCA teacher recently busy Oh ~ sent a pink mobile will match a pair of? Really so magical? "Do not disturb" close friend but careful not to reveal Le Jia's secret love peach ~http://t.cn/zOX9lZx
[make up 10 quit, MM people remember! ] 1, the foundation is no longer a white. 2, mascara should be carefully removed. 3, eyebrows not only draw a line. First, before the 4 oil makeup. From the beginning of 5, up T. 6, don't forget to wash brush tool. 7, the use of a good. 8, liquid foundation + powder makeup is too thick. 9, face color only to take a focus. 10, lip liner, the liner to the natural.
If the mobile phone can also solve life events dating? In fact, Le Jia teacher told you, mobile phone use, as can solve the problem of life! That's not, he's been on the wedding day! What is the small shrimp mobile phone so magical? See "close friend" you will find the answer oh ~http://t.cn/zOMtEyL
Male champion Li Wei because of a pink mobile phone into the marriage hall? And all this is Roca from matching, OMG, what is the teacher's theory of color is severe or handsome sixth sense of magic, "girlfriends do not harass" to see the outcome. ~http://t.cn/zOJ7PbQ
"Do not disturb" close friend told us: close friend affect your grade, and your grade affect your life. So Le Jia, the teacher said, indulge in the single Oliver MM, and close friend don't meet again. Http://t.cn/zOX90TM
The _ indeed found his last year and this year than a lot of strong - wear clothes last year, looked very strong!
Modern history teacher said: "Liang Qichao after 17 years old wife, thought time has gone by so calm, until he met... Kang".. Always feel strange.
# Nanxiang life network group purchase #
Decoration to buy crystal lamps friends note, now I shop often just decoration 1,2 years that began to tear down the crystal lamp for ceiling fluorescent lamp customers. Cause: 1, charge: 1 light bulb 40W, a lamp 20 on 800W. Fluorescent lights are also tens of watts. 2: 800W, thermal equivalent of Yuba, Yuba top every day. 3, not good cleaning: Crystal soon become gray. Need to be cleaned for a one. And the light of the light bulb, short life, etc.
L.L.Bean 2012 new line. Goretex3 layer Challenger assault, both men and women. Improved lightweight version of Performance Shell Goretex 3 layer waterproof. Double adjusting sleeves and caps more functional zippered chest pocket convenient to carry the belongings, back zip vents adequate ventilation and adjustable hem can effectively prevent rain intrusion, with to the finished pocket portable. Purchase link: www.llbean.cn
To a girl to do a good love of a key
Decoration to buy crystal lamps friends note, now I shop often just decoration 1,2 years that began to tear down the crystal lamp for ceiling fluorescent lamp customers. Cause: 1, charge: 1 light bulb 40W, a lamp 20 on 800W. Fluorescent lights are also tens of watts. 2: 800W, thermal equivalent of Yuba, Yuba top every day. 3, not good cleaning: Crystal soon become gray. Need to be cleaned for a one. And the light of the light bulb, short life, etc.
[mindset set life] and God said to a monkey, poor monkey, you in the monkey king hegemony is defeated, I want to to enlighten you. Monkeys are very grateful. God asked: what do you want to do when you first thing? The monkey said: take a gun and killed the king now, recapture the throne, all females are mine. Thinking set determines the sad, some people you can give him a more advanced body, more senior position, but give him more advanced ideas.
Decoration to buy crystal lamps friends note, now I shop often just decoration 1,2 years that began to tear down the crystal lamp for ceiling fluorescent lamp customers. Cause: 1, charge: 1 light bulb 40W, a lamp 20 on 800W. Fluorescent lights are also tens of watts. 2: 800W, thermal equivalent of Yuba, Yuba top every day. 3, not good cleaning: Crystal soon become gray. Need to be cleaned for a one. And the light of the light bulb, short life, etc.
L.L.Bean 2012 new line. Goretex3 layer Challenger assault, both men and women. Improved lightweight version of Performance Shell Goretex 3 layer waterproof. Double adjusting sleeves and caps more functional zippered chest pocket convenient to carry the belongings, back zip vents adequate ventilation and adjustable hem can effectively prevent rain intrusion, with to the finished pocket portable. Purchase link: www.llbean.cn
I'm sorry, this microblogging has been deleted by the author. View help: http://t.cn/zWSudZc
I'm sorry, this microblogging has been deleted by the author. View help: http://t.cn/zWSudZc
If you are young, please have a look, otherwise you will regret it!!! ]
[halo] youth and genius hand in hand, is undoubtedly the most beautiful scenery in the world like _-
Sorry, this microblogging has been deleted. View help: http://t.cn/8sYl7Qb
Life has two big mistakes: first, life gives a person to see, two is to see other people live. Seems to because he could not prove that their own happiness, so we need to prove to the eyes of others, in fact, this is a kind of vanity and self abased mentality is in do mischief. Don't live too passive, because it will make you very hard. As long as you feel happy on the line, do not need to pass on to others. Don't go to see others, take the wrong way.
