A person only knows the original impulse to follow their own, it is not worth celebrating, it is only natural. It is valuable to be able to love to violate its own nature. -- Bi Xiaoshuang, "you have eaten too much in this life."
[only the woman when the star tool male] [first name: cancer men, the housekeeper tools] poly wife standard is want to have a wife can have a warm atmosphere, even if is himself the vagaries of the destruction of the atmosphere; [Second: Capricorn man, son tool poly wife standard is to be able to pass jackleg; [a Scorpio man, paraphernalia] poly wife standard is to gave him the money, or together with the investment and cooperation, and the couple's joint venture that.
The Hunger Games have a sound more nonsensical plot: a named Wilson's scientists in after the failure of a single experiment, around the radio came the voice said, you need through the study of a kind of taboo knowledge to help you complete the experiment, you listened to his advice but soon realized that he was being deceived by the source of the sound - Demon Maxwell, it will be forced you are sent to the mysterious
[Dragon Age: hero] Dragon Age "series of games was on the PC platform, a famous RPG game, now through the EA's mobile game development team capital games processing, based on" dragon in the world based on the concept of and successfully build a a travel strategy play Dragon Age: Hero "heroes of dragon age, players will be in the,
Nine trick: 1 relief workers make full use of the internet. 2 correct evaluation of their own advantages and disadvantages. 3 overcome fear. 4 make life full of order. 5 to maintain peace of mind. 6 don't blindly believe in others. 7 insist on their values. 8 to maintain the vigor of the. 9 adapt to the inevitable fact.
Black bars design red stripes dress can show thin collocation significantly higher, light gray woolen coat + thick soled boots, casual look.
"I Thank God" by Tianlaizhiyin American Rhema Marvanne, a 8 year old girl Rhema Marvanne inherited from his mother's behest.
"Dragon Warrior" guard a castle, destroyed the demon legion! The evil dragon Lord and his demon army is in a frenzy of attacking our castle, and it's time to lead our troops through the enemy's heart! Pick up in the hands of the ancient god crossbow, use your powerful magic. Roar, warrior! Download address:
Bunker! Have to play every shot machine
Life through a section of the road, after all, the scenery is not the same. People get older, it will gradually to the people and things around more and more indifferent. Life is not perfect, it is a pity to show life. Life often unhappy things 89, want to open the self liberation, spur will bring trouble on oneself, even to the old still bear a grudge, is really the point!
In the supermarket monitoring probe found in this scene, stunned
Sorry, this microblogging has been deleted. View help: http://t.cn/8sYl7Qb
The evaluation center is a personnel evaluation process, not the space and the place of the organization. It is composed of many evaluation personnel, for specific purposes and standards, using a variety of subjective and objective personnel evaluation method, the subjects of all kinds of evaluation, for the organization, selection, promotion, identification, development and training of personal services.
A downpour the city, blurred the line of sight. We break up, I do not love you, the girl looked at the back of the boy left, the tears have been shed in the face of the rain or tears. The next day, the boy was sent to the operation room, close your eyes that moment, the boy said, 'I just don't want to let you a person, because hate love more easily forget...
Sagaris. TVR from the UK, the four engine, capable of outputting more than 400bhp of horsepower, from its start to 100 km acceleration time is only 4 seconds! Its speed can reach 310km/h, pure manual sports car in the boutique!
[mental suggestions in fact of life and everything originally care a nidea, don't say life is separated, in fact, even the death can not isolate each other's love, die only into another level of life, if you think so, parting impermanence is a natural phenomenon, really do not need to too sad.
Wearing Ivory sleeveless shirt and a navy blue skirt collocation, high waisted shape with a wide waist bring collocation, a transition effect.
Sexy female model shows off balance
A man who lives in the top of the food chain! To survive! See if you can Chibian periodic table in China
Inner memories will put the bad things to erase, experience a lot, we can better understand the life, understand the trajectory of years is not a static. Years should be a winding road, a coastline, never to see the side, but it is always full of unlimited imagination.
If someone else got you, you don't need to get revenge. Because the IQ difference is the furthest distance in the world, people do a very bad thing, you follow to do, you are to pull themselves to the same level. When someone and you do not go, please stay away from the villain, to maintain a calm mood. Don't be angry, but don't remember. The best way to deal with a person is not to teach him, but to remove him from the memory.
[cancer between the sign and the relationship between] AQUARIUS: a special attraction; Pisces: absolutely let people envious of the romantic and passionate; ARIES: incompatible; Taurus: intimate friends; Gemini: special friendship; cancer: sympathetic; the lion: quite fate; Virgin: soul mate; Libra: jingshuibufanheshui, Scorpio: intimate lover. Archer: ambiguous relationship. CAPRICORN: forever.
We cherish a person, is moved, we give up a person, is a disappointment. People can see in abjection, who is throwing pots of cold water, who is holding many worry. Accompany you, because of the warm heart of friendship and exchange, it cannot do without; because you know people who cherish and can not be replaced, don't leave. In fact, the happiness of the people is not to get the best things in the world, but the people who have already had the.
[to avoid the use of eye cream error four: only in the evening to use eye cream] so is wrong, this is because you do not realize the importance of using eye care products in the morning. Eye care products, like the use of facial skin care products, exposure to pollution, all kinds of radiation, ultraviolet radiation than the night! So should be used sooner or later, but should not think of it, do not want to think about it.
Man can be poor because of lack of material, but it can make people's spirit. Secondly, to the unity of knowledge, in practice. "As good as the book is not as good as the book", to combine knowledge and experience, through the practice of proof of knowledge, according to the practice need to actively acquire real knowledge.
[Huatai B21 early in 2010 had been mass production] but the results are always disappointed. And recently, Huatai Automobile finally sure the new car will be listed in March this year. The new car will be independent research and development of collocation 2.0L engine to become the biggest bright spot, while its presence of Bentley's shadow is how it will not go away!
When children think about the answer, some parents want to see the child did not immediately give the answer, they are anxious to say the answer, there are wood? Give children the opportunity to think, is to give children the opportunity to develop themselves. When the answer comes, he will have a sense of accomplishment. Do not think in the children in advance to give the child a specific answer, lest the child produce thinking inert oh.
[Marvel hero Senki] the marvel war of heroes "is mobile platform a obtained Marvel licensed according to the anime adaptation of the game, though, and the movie is different. This is a leisure class battle tabletop game, players in this game will see the familiar spider man, the hulk and iron man many popular superheroes, each super hero will corresponding to a card...
The restaurant uses large rectangular tables, a white cloth seat, Candlestick chandelier, very luxurious feel.
When decorating the interior, the lamp and the vase. And very few lights and vases supporting the sale, we need to choose their own. This time the design of these lamps and vases, to solve this problem. Each lamp has a vase collocation, and it looks Is it right? Echo each other at a distance, more beautiful?
See this, you can think of the first, this is a CCTV camera, in fact, it is a table lamp, designed by the designer Design Antrepo, through the CCTV camera to get inspiration. The lamp can be placed on the table or fixed on the wall, desk lamp arm can be adjusted freely.
She was at KTV in love at first sight, his eyes only another girl, she noticed that she could not like him, but he can not control themselves, they are together. She accompanied by her side, they fight, she comforted him, they broke up, she comforted her friends, cursing him. In my heart, no matter how much I love you, I will never give up.
This ceramic shell egg shaped candles in accordance with the proportion of real egg production, it adopts recycling cardboard egg special box packing, bundled with a fine ceramic bird. Let the fun of life begin with this warm candle!
[congbao beef] 2 steps can do it, super delicious ~ raw beef 500g, shallots, a root, a little garlic; 1. Beef slices into egg white, cooking wine, soy sauce, pickled for ten minutes, add starch and edible oil grasping uniform reserve; 2. Pot heat the oil saute half onion and garlic, add beef fried to nine mature, to join the rest of the spring onion, soy sauce, salt, chicken powder and white pepper, sesame oil, stir fry pan.
If we can take care of now, then we are taking care of the future. We persist in what, will be what the lie. We cling to who, who will be hurt by. So we have to learn to put down, things look lighter, do not care, do not care about right and wrong, no matter. No matter what, do not lose a good mood. Grasp their own heart, let the mood clean, white, quiet.
To communicate with the child the most useful four sentence, when the child to make you think "unreasonable" behavior, you are really concerned about the impact of the child to you (embarrassing or embarrassing) or his feelings? These 4 words to him help Ha: 1 you to decide...... 2 I love you, but I don't like your behavior. 3 you know, different people will have their own different needs. 4 tell me what you think!
Desire is never satisfied, does not stop the temptation of supreme enjoyment of people's pursuit of material desires. However, excessive to pursue interests tend to make people lose their life. Therefore, in moderation, can we grasp the direction in your life.
[black fungusdispel shading] take 30 grams of black fungus, red dates 20. Will be black fungus wash, red dates to the nucleus, add water amount, cook half an hour or so. Once a day, every day. Often take, can totale freckle, bodybuilding Feng muscle, and for the treatment of facial pigmentation, thin. "Bencao Gangmu" recorded in the surface dark spots to go. Black fungus skin, prevent skin aging jujube and the Qi, spleen emollients, to help wipe out the black fungus
I am doing two things, one is a good, and the other is waiting for you.
[lit eat white food Runfei] deal with dry and lit should generally be according to individual constitution to Sibu. However, there is something most people can be applied, that is, than the effect usually eat some "white food", can reach the lungs, such as pear, white radish carrot, cabbage, melon, lily, tremella, lotus, lotus seed.
What kind of mistake you make in love? You're wearing a formal dress and lover's first taste of French food, although you are careful, but still left a stain on the dress. And the dress is you rent, at this time you will? [a] immediately handed over to the laundry; [b] to wear on the body local cleaning [C] although the in the mind is very concerned about, but still continue to eat. After sending wash; [D] be negligent, original returned rental shops (analytical as shown in Figure).
Super save space, don't see is only so big position, up to 13 dishes placed, more than 10 jobs, allowing you to a enjoy!! stand design, the dishes water residue, clean health!!
The study was small, but bright and clean the floor, still follow the principle of the supremacy of health covered with pine. "Walk barefoot in the above very comfortable", after the wife told me so.
Bump emperor Hold not live ah!! Soul girl Adele perfect cover Need You Now! Good shit!
Life is alive, happy is good. Give yourself a piece of the sky, regardless of wind and rain, fly bravely; give yourself a smile, calm and confident, and firm. God give us, we should be pleased to accept without the involvement of others, bearish bitter, indifferent to the tired, life is still beautiful.
When you want to change, you're already on the way to love. This road is very difficult, especially in the first time, perhaps some people laugh at you say you silly, perhaps some people say you do not reality, and perhaps even simply ignore you, a person walking, very lonely very dark. Sometimes, I hope someone can provide you with a beam of light, to help you illuminate a little bit ahead of the road. - cold love
"[Anne]" Cosplay "hero alliance alliance" hero of Anne is one of the hottest makeup object.
Heroes alliance Top7 fifth: brutal Blom robbery how residual blood kill 5
A group of inspectors opened the crowd surrounded the monkey man. "Take the monkeys away!" Take the lead in the urban management said that the side of the side, said the side to push forward the old man in front of the. The old man can't stand up after that. A monkey man managed to escape. A month after the old man chased down and go downstairs, the stairs fall head died. The unit is called the line of duty. And he just stepped on a banana peel.
A physiological class, boys will be girls down and kissing. Afterwards, the boy said to the girl: "I just want to practice, no other meaning." After listening to the girls, boys down, kissed and said: "don't pass the exam, exam."
[happy the world of tanks once again topped the billboard games award double] immediately a surprise, the world's more than 60 million users of war games "world of tanks". In the year of the horse at the beginning is constantly surprises. In just selected the "Chinese net swims the billboard Award", the world of tanks once again won the annual China most welcome network game, the annual best competitive network game the two awards, for his hall of fame add two new award
Piero Ba cries blue god again
"Love, it's not the end of the world. The sun will rise tomorrow, the world will not stop for anyone. So we don't stop at a place for too long." "Love from the beginning of the confession."
Sorry, this microblogging has been deleted. View help: http://t.cn/8sYl7Qb
Sorry, this microblogging has been deleted. View help: http://t.cn/8sYl7Qb
People are tired, rest; heart tired, and calm. Grow up, mature, this society will see through. Tired, sad, and squatting down, give yourself a hug. Because no one in this world can sympathize with you, have mercy on you. You cry, tears are your own; you pain, no one can understand. You must be strong, even hurt, tears, also can bite down. Because, in life, only you a person
Sense of joy: you are making me?
[give your baby to eat citrus Bubu "eye] diet is a kind of using food to the effective method of disease prevention and health care, the ancient physicians have" not as therapeutic medication, "said. Traditional Chinese medicine thinks, the eyes are the viscera and channels as part of an intrinsic link of the organic whole, therapeutic methods have help in prevention and treatment of dry eye, visual fatigue and other eye diseases.
[fetus is too small can not be large eat nourishing] the health of the mother during pregnancy, directly affect fetal development, but also not said Mommy once found the fetus is too small, you need tonic, special supplement. So it is easy to go to another extreme: the fetus is too large, which is not conducive to production, but not conducive to the development of the fetus. Must eat a reasonable diet, nutrition and structure is perfect, to ensure adequate intake, is the best food structure of the mummy.
[moisturizing spray of correct usage] moisturizing spray everyone has, but few people know, the correct use of the method, the correct method: from the facial 10-15 cm, spray evenly, let skin moisture and contact for a minute or so, in cotton tissues gently absorb and use moisturizing products deposited in the skin, firmly lock the moisture. So as to effectively lock the water, to prevent the loss of oh!
Haibara Ai Conan.
In offices, colleagues, bosses, or your clients may be sympathetic to you, support you, or encourage you, but you have to work with your heart and soul.
For a goal of no sailing ship, from any winds are contrary.
Destiny's strength in your hand, you enter a field, your friends and family's destiny is mastered in a pack of cards. Play your intelligence, the use of various elements of the characteristics, quick attack, a trick to win! Can stand alone, can be a real person to fight! Of Fate Duel
Mount Fuji is not only the highest mountain in Japan, but also a symbol of the country. Countless works of art in painting in Japan, can see the shadow of the mountains Fuji. Mount Fuji is actually a layered active volcano, although it has not erupted since 1707. According to statistics, there are about 200000 people climb Mount Fuji, Mount Fuji, Japan's most famous tourist attractions. If the weather is fine, we will be able to see Mt. Fuji in Tokyo.
Love is a strange thing, suddenly flickered between deep, growing up in the heart to each other. The most beautiful story without end, the most romantic feelings without end result, the most happy love without words, the most profound love without space!
[eat the uncle of a gun to domestic masterpiece "defend the position"] from the point of view of the beautiful game screen we difficult to imagine the positional defence "is a paragraph from the Chinese team works. In the game internationally in addition to build fortifications to defend, but also as a last line of defense personally control play Fort firepower against wave after wave of menacing the enemy.
Sorry, this microblogging has been deleted. View help: http://t.cn/8sYl7Qb
Radio emission is very simple game play, players through the finger press or release the screen control fixed in the center of the hexagonal wave to hit the graphics, sounds really different from the traditional shooting game.
[to taste beef fillet with mushroom] beef knife into strips with yellow rice wine, soy sauce, salt, pepper, pickled change, after sizing; 2. Pleurotus eryngii change knife into strips, red and green peppers also changed;. Mushroom fried, beef with green and red peppers, lubricating oil, oyster sauce, rice wine, flavor juice, starch and other fried.
It is the evil star Wang, not only take care of kid even bully him. This little friend is the whole miserable oh! ~ oh ~ ~
[super Meng COSer addiction Qing dedicated to the interpretation of the guardian sword "Guardian elves] anime fans will never forget addiction Qing cos [magic girl small circle", that faint smile, attracted numerous otaku dumping, the addiction of secretary of state for everyone to take online games, "Guardian sword" in the guardian Wizard of cos works, if Valentine's day and there's no one beside you, let the pure matchless addiction Qing accompany you!
Slovenia, as clear as water, the ship is like suspended.
You also had a crush on a green Christmas tree? The foreign expert can produce every kind of Christmas tree eye popping. Hair, French fries, even the axe is dispatched! Have a bright blind!
Photographer Shireman Jon a set of experimental photography, on the broken flower. He created an unusual cute photographic series, called floral, shooting flowers were smashed before and after contrast, creating a kind of extra visual conflict.
[Diaolou road] heard the ancient towers dating back thousands of years history, the completion of mud and stones of the Tibetan village and towers, originally two completely different nature of the style of the building, now cleverly combined with together, this is the road cangzhai most distinctive logo. Road Tibetan village in the mountain standing scattered houses in the orchard, golden wheat, corn and green orchard, like senior villas, very beautiful and spectacular.
Reason Capricorn male marriage mad pursuit of perfection is endangering his wife; self consciousness strong Capricorn male, in everything, always self demanding process, mud instead of deep suffering, because they always feel that a lot of things they did not do the best, and constantly remorse. Even if the wife to comfort, they would not listen to the words, the distress of the Capricorn male see wife and lost and full of concern, and worry about the eyes and feel more ashamed, crazy.
The ring on the miserable event, don't move easily, accidentally put his KO, it is the result of There's no telling!
Naturally full of wild, man also has a wild side.
[2016 released the Audi A9 latest imaginary map exposure] run models Audi A9 positioning a SportBack large car, will be on MLB Evo platform of development, from the platform models including generation Panamera, Bentley replacement Continental GT and so on. The new car is expected to use W12 6.3L, 4 liters V8 engine.
The V5 HD video.
Wash station is composed of two pieces of clapboard assembled, containing large display area. Because of the flight, more is to improve the sense of space and light degree.
I know it's not healthy instant noodles, but infectious is absolutely the first, it is called a fragrant ah ~ ~ ~ ~ Yes or no?
The warm wishes, Christmas greetings, wish healthy, warm mood, happy auspicious, turned into a universal blessing, in lantern this happy moment, sent to the front of you, may you see is a blessing, read to be joyful, everything has the luck, every type.
Striped T-shirt with a sort of Europe and the big wind, a touch of fluorescent yellow free from the collar has been extended to the hem, very the individuality and fashion, coupled with simple black nine minutes of pants. This can not only weaken the full range of stripes brings an inflated sense of a college.
"Big Bang" expert hand titles! This is a wonderful big bang look ~ ~ ~ wow! With the worship of a seamless heavenly robe, decisive!
Some job seekers because jobs are scarce and the fear of real salary request was refused, so take the "low profile", this is hidden, especially the graduating students for future turnover foreshadowed, thus to contemplate job seekers motivation, market or his former unit wage level, too much deviation from the anti but there is a problem.
[Japan's ten major points of attention] 1 don't forget to take off the shoes 2 out of 10 million to take an umbrella with 4 to tip 3 thirsty to drink water 5 comes with a mobile phone can't buy what not to buy what 7 subway convenient and cheap 8 exchange money is not convenient to buy 10
Man's grace is the key to control his emotions. It's the most stupid behavior to use your mouth to hurt people.
[Australia intends to legislation: their parents forced marriage or children jailed for seven years] pro, you know what, forced marriage is actually a difficult problem in the world, "left male 3S lady" is not unique to China, the phenomenon! Australia recently introduced a new draft law prohibiting forced marriages. According to the draft regulations, parents who are forced to marry their children may face a maximum of 7 years in prison, while the victim can apply for economic compensation.
Pay attention to the dog's tongue with absolutely in place
[cold chicken sandwich] chicken breast meat from chicken frame unloaded with the fork chicken dial loose; cut the chicken into fine powder for standby use; celery along the lines of the cut into small strips, then transversely cut into fine powder; chicken and celery mixed; add beauty mayonnaise, olive oil, pepper and mustard sauce and mix well; add salt to taste, remove the two slices of whole wheat toast, in a piece of cast a lot of mix of mud chicken; roughly evenly after will also cover a little pressure.
You said: "I am bold person, how also can not forget you, that beautiful smile of exploration. Excuse me, where are you miss home, I will visit the set exchange solemn vows and pledges." I said: "minister Qie dare report, I live in the 21st century of ordinary families, vows of eternal love, I don't, as long as you accompanied to the old is sufficient." The person in the dream, wake up to find him. "Poppy" and you speak out accompanied by the old. Do you remember when I came to your dream?
[chokorgyel monastery] is going to the holy lake Ram La Zo necessary, is said to the grassland here have been in full bloom of 13 kinds of auspicious flowers. There are three sacred river and four Kamiyama at this intersection, the heyday of the temple monks had reached more than 500 people, unable to imagine that year's grand. This is how the heat downtown scene. Now in the ruins of the temple still clung to a dozen monks and could not conceal the solemn and shocking jampa buddha.
Sorry, this microblogging has been deleted. View help: http://t.cn/8sYl7Qb
[six] breast cancer killer, a food broccoli, cabbage bud nemesis. Broccoli and Brussels sprouts in the prevention of breast cancer, is a good vegetable, broccoli and cabbage help to the formation of the inorganic salts, inhibition of tumor growth. Two, Chinese cabbage. Three, radish and carrot. Nemesis four, black raspberry. Nemesis five, hawthorn. Nemesis six, kiwi.
There's a person who says to you, love, you, I, what you want to say to beat him, I, love, you, more. - "love in the world"
[the new Mercedes Benz AMG E63 will start in the North American auto show, the new Mercedes Benz AMG E63 in addition to the regular version of the medium-term change in the shape, interior and configuration of the corresponding adjustment, but also to upgrade the power. The horsepower and torque output of the 5.5 liter twin turbo M157 engine, code V8, will reach 540 BHP and 720 Nm, respectively, 22 BHP and 2 respectively.
Japan's new generation of virtuoso Masaaki kishibe's Wonder Mountain ", fresh and beautiful guitar solos, in the lazy leisurely afternoon, quietly appreciate, relax your mind.
[life is the most beautiful seven smile]. Misunderstandings can smile and literacy; 2. By the aggrieved to calm smile, generous; 3. At the expense of to laugh, open-minded; 4. Helpless to philosophical smile, the realm of; 5. Danger can calm smile, high gas; 6. Be contempt when to calm smile, self-confidence; 7. Lovelorn can lightly on smiling, free and easy.
The atmosphere is very retro symmetrical stamp, black mini skirt collocation, more Cougar style.
[woman premature aging 10 reasons] 1. Frown all day long wrinkles. Often stay up late to affect cell viability; 3. Long term exposure to make the skin darkening coarse; 4. Smoking drinking wrinkles the skin dehydration; 5. Expressive wrinkles increased;. Do not love to drink water causing the skin to lose run Ze delicate; 7. Don't like sports body fat metabolism is poor; 8. Remover not drastically affect the skin to breathe normally. Don't
Shopping bags are the most easy to be ignored by the health of the dead end of the long use of all kinds of food residue and dirt, to create a good environment for the growth of bacteria. So shopping bags should be cleaned regularly, and use the sun to sterilization.
There are three steps: first, the sharp eyes; second, bold action; third, sustained perseverance. Use your sharp eyes to find opportunities, you bold action to seize the opportunity, you continued perseverance put into a real opportunity for success.
Crayon BB period! Enough to sprout.
Bubble sleeve to create a cute little girl, lace collar highlights fresh and lovely breath.
Managers should be aware of the ideal, and strive to combine the company's goals and the ideal of employees to achieve common development of the company and employees. Each employee has his own ideal, if he found his work is in the ideal for their own struggle, then there will be unlimited enthusiasm.
[the cloud temptation "the reception of TV recording zhangbo promotion" cloud on the temptation of "ideal boyfriend] zhangbo" plays Luo Kuang. Recently, has been in Hunan TV Week broadcast theater started off the TV drama "cloud on the temptation", by week sowing change for the daytime, he moved to Hunan Satellite TV every night at ten primetime continued to broadcast. The show since the launch of viewing all the way.
Matters less, less pain; speech less, natural disaster is little; less food in the belly, less natural disease; desire less, natural worry less.
Sorry, this microblogging has been deleted. View help: http://t.cn/8sYl7Qb
Women's day, I wish you goodtimesbar, health and wealth; sweet lovers, love rich; good luck pawn, rich luck; family happiness, rich family; Jinbangtiming, rich academic; ambitious exhibition, the future is rich! You're the real rich woman! Come to us with dipping! Happy women's day!
[ten of 5000000000 words! 1. Today, I started a new life! 2. I'm the best! 3, there must be a way to succeed! 4, a little progress every day! 5, I smile in the face of the whole world! 6, everyone is my mentors! 7. I'm the best salesman in the world! 8, I love my career! 9. I want to act immediately! 10, I want to stick to the end, never give up!
The Japanese super idiotic crisps this adorable sister to the street with asshole!
If there is an afterlife.
Small North nose love crazy car speed.
The family is natural to stay.
[premature rupture of the amniotic fluid at home treatment method] first of all, pregnant women do not panic, should be quiet horizon lying on the bed, put a pillow under the buttocks, raise the buttocks, try to keep low hip high. The aim is to prevent prolapse of umbilical cord, especially fetal and maternal breech twins should pay more attention to. Secondly, women in the vulva pad on a clean piece of sanitary napkins, to keep the vulva clean, can no longer be bathing.
I know it is a few weeks, I don't know it is a few. Examination of the time, I know it is a few, I do not know it is a few weeks. Holiday home, it is a few and weeks are not know.
I, lose my temper at you it is because you are getting closer to me. Dear dear, I'm mad about you, because you are more close to me.
I want to go oh dad, rice flower.
[to skin wear radiation bulletproof vests woman must eat all kinds of beans, olive oil, sunflower seed oil and cruciferous vegetables are rich in vitamin E, and fresh jujube, orange, kiwi and other fruits rich in vitamin C, vitamin C and vitamin E are antioxidant vitamin, antioxidant activity, can reduce computer radiation caused by oxidation, as to our skin put on a layer of "bulletproof vests", thereby reducing damage to the skin.
If you can, I really want to travel with you. Perhaps is a quaint little town, perhaps is a glorious and resplendent metropolis. We can record each other's smiling faces along the way, and we are in the landscape. Scenery is how, in fact, is not important. The most important is that you are by my side!
The opera "La Traviata", comedy,.. This classic La Traviata
Sorry, this microblogging has been deleted. View help: http://t.cn/8sYl7Qb
[friends belly evaluation Taurus] Taurus men - the most good at dressing up as a pig eat tiger, hands are also a lot of development line easily derailed degree five stars. Taurus woman - easy to bisexual or gay, knows how to enjoy life, aesthetic is odd, the brain automatically set price display, Yu Fu expert, don't money with Taurus woman carry is not clear, you will immediately she pulled into the blacklist. Easy derailment degree five stars.
[with healthy blood pressure. Smoking: don't smoke in the home, don't let the family subject to second-hand smoke damage; 2. A reasonable diet: every day eat at least five kinds of vegetables, cooking less salt, less cooking oil, eat less visceral fat content of food; 3. Increase the movement: it is recommended that rules for the following exercise: walking, jogging and swimming week to maintain the three times; 4. Regular measurements of body weight, waist circumference and blood pressure, in particular, to control weight.
Sorry, this microblogging has been deleted. View help: http://t.cn/8sYl7Qb
In the history of the most cattle children eat noodles to see oh! Kids make a funny video!
[summer rainy weather health Raiders] 1, clothing appropriate chooses warm permeability good texture; 2, the diet aftercare dampness prevention: diet should be light, diversification, eat nutritious fruits and vegetables and protein, and appropriate edible ginger, onions, garlic, vinegar; 3, shelter, pay attention to ventilation help prevention; 4, go out should pay attention to risk evasion thunderstorm.
"A person of rain" piano, it sounds soft and delicate, fall and splash interpretation of thousands of care...... Out of the window, the cloud shadow, it is raining. "A person's rain", a void and beautiful background. I like the rain across the window -- that can long listen to the voice of dense.
[Vietnam boxing is sister private photography mad network] Remember 15 popular Vietnam boxing beauty girl?? was born in 1997, she has been 17 years old this year, after Vietnam boxing is a series of sister gym according to popular, looks fresh and beautiful, her body very material, playing boxing to unambiguous.
[London] the biggest stadium temporary lapse photography
Gem pet season four: first sets.
Panda rocking chair, very domineering, yes or no?
Suffering is a wealth, it will temper the will of the people, so that people get the true meaning of life. Chinese idiom says, All sufferings have their reward. Another said, eat bitter, bitter, for the people on the side. These are to encourage people to withstand the test of suffering, in the face of suffering, patience, to have hope, only to maintain this kind of state of mind, will go to the glory of life.
[salt and pepper eggplant cake] 1.2 wash eggplant, cut thin slices, add flour, 1 egg, water, salt, and into the batter (paste to a little thick, also add some five spice seasoning); 2. Pan pour oil, wrapped the batter the eggplant pieces inside, a small fire slowly fried until golden brown on both sides ~Ps: just a pot eggplant cake tastes best, crisp outside, tender, eat when remember dipped in a little salt and pepper.
The so-called mind, but it is not as good as his. Learn to forget is the technology of life, learn to smile is the art of life. The world is very big, the scenery is very beautiful, the feeling in the heart, the heart in the world, everything will be easier.
[two] Chiang Mai mall Central Keaw and Central Airport Plaza Kad Suan. The former is in the northwest corner of the ancient city; the latter is in the southwest of the ancient city, near the airport, both in the Central group. The latter is more upscale, there are Robinson; underground layer of local Food area, fresh, dry cargo and taste, one or two layers of northern Thailand specialty
Is too short to spend time regretting. If it's not the end smile, and keep on going. Life life is too short, no time left to regret. If it is not the end, please smile.
Cheap people like to chew base of the tongue, likes to tell tales, like coined some non-existent thing, but they also can this skill.
Love me, put your hand to me, I will always hold you, until life's end; love me, put your heart to me, I will take it and my heart together, until my heart stops beating; love me, put your sadness to me, I will share with you all the grief until you no longer sad; love me, put your tears for me, I will with my body temperature to dry it, until I see you smile.
The excuse is a kind of thought disease, the person that has this kind of serious illness, without exception, are the loser. But a man is the more successful, more do not make excuses, prospered everywhere with those without the biggest difference between what the people is an excuse.
["angels and Dragons Geister" abuse main non-stop Futian revealed subsequent stronger efficacy] Xinfan "Crossange angels and Dragons Geister" has telecast three words, because of the large scale of the plot and the picture on the Internet triggered a heated discussion. Female protagonist Jack in operation and experienced the transition from heaven to hell, but Mitsuo Fukuda think efficacy is not enough, he said the 9 Jack and Hilda will be traumatized.
A lifetime, always sad for a while, like a long time, together for a while, for a while, youth for a while, for a long time, the vicissitudes of life for a while, a long time, childish, mature for a while, the trouble for a while, the pain for a while, happiness for a while.
The mobile phone can paste the lens magnification 60 times in September 8th, the United States of America's Washington graduate Larson designed a simple and innovative lens, can be installed on the smart camera, to achieve a microscope zoom function. This diameter of 6 mm micro mobile phone lens magnification between 15-60 times, made from silicone material, can stick on the smart phone camera, can be cleaned by water, not damage the quality of the adhesive,
Recently the word tyrant is very popular, especially to again have a genuine tyrant when friends, can be described as excellent, in fact, in the cattle industry also has many tyrant infested, some of their behavior enough to make me wait only ordinary people sigh of envy Thomas
[in the arena of life, children can only go to the parents' is no substitute for children, not the free hand to be the "referee", but should give them a force to maintain a good competitive state, namely "cheerleaders" force. Parents should be good at finding and praise the child, but also to guide children correctly face the failure, in front of the children to do the children's comrades, so that more can help children build self-confidence.
Many people think that this is the bedroom of the European aristocracy, do you want to become a member of the nobility?
The most funny history Award: Li Liang, you are talented!
White and wood color of home, very Nordic style.
He is buddha. To see him, she returned to heaven, was suppressed at the bottom of the lake, and a thousand years as one day, he did not know, after coming out, she wants to get close to him, but was nearly Buddha's light in the wits, he still does not know, she concentrated practice, called group of demon Hing wind evil, he came to decline demon, she closed at temple under the, do so much, she was finally able to every day to see him, and listen to his Chung Buddha chanting, he still did not know her mind.
This is an animal hospital raise their two dogs, really too funny, as long as the surrounding a any sign of trouble, white that has been jumped, dumplings, this is as shown in Figure jump after skilled hanging on the fence, next to the people laughed. These two absolute stars come.
Just heard a few days ago units to eat, a young colleague to the a large bottle of Sprite, give you a ring, turn their own when a bottle is empty. So the colleagues around Sprite bottle to the waiter said: "there is this?" The waiter Pidianpidian ran over and took the bottle Zai Zai carefully checked again, a face of sincerely said: "No."
Makiyo hit the court case mad affliction card driver was injured in question be insatiable
Face Yoga] [1. Kneel sitting, legs open, let buttocks sitting on the ankle, arms straight palm inward, wrist outward, the action seems like a lion; 2. Inhale, exhale expression like the roar of a lion and the mouth as open, tongue protruding, as far as possible down to the top of the bar, keep 5 breaths, sooner or later each time. Effect: this action can lift the entire face, neck and chest.
Don't bring them to work, even if they have been wronged. A lot of people think they are right, and so on ". Normal work is interrupted, affect the progress of the work, other colleagues to you have a dissatisfaction, a higher level of boss will also make a bad impression, and the boss is more reason to say you are wrong.
By Maggie Q as the female lead, "black swan" creator of the limited series "red flag to help", recently determined actor candidate, starred in "the Borgias" actor Francos Arnold announced to join the.
[n] [n] [n] [n] [n] [n] [n] [n] [n] [n] [n] [n] [n] [. The new car will draw on the C-Cactus concept car design elements, but also in the price will have obvious advantages.
Sorry, this microblogging has been deleted. View help: http://t.cn/8sYl7Qb
[use] eye cream or eye mask eye mask is more professional eye care products. The use of eye cream or eye mask, but also to a whitening and moisturizing effect on the skin of eye. If there are bags under the eyes, the use of these products is very need to. Must cooperate to the use of eye shadows, gently massage to eliminate bags under the eyes of the at the same time, relieve eye black eye.
Stingy boss.
[an act of war] "war Terra" although have inheritance, MOE characteristics, but in character design, more reference sense of reality and heavy sense of history, male characters mighty tall, some wearing masks, some face engraved with scars, a look is a story, and female characters although very sexy and beautiful, but from inside to outside is more like Valkyrie standing in front of you.
[DIY sheltered pond shrimp] prawns peeled from the middle of the back piece, deep but do not break, with the egg white. Rice wine marinated; 2. Prawns coat with flour, fried or fried cooked into spherical; 3. The pot put the oil, into a large number of garlic scrambled to brown, into the chopped lobster sauce; 4. The further down into the pepper stir fragrant pepper, then put the shallots. Bread crumbs stir incense. Into the shrimp, mixing, turn off the heat, sprinkle with salt and pepper or salt and seasoning can be.
Super earthquake hit! Laugh off my head! Do not wear clothes so scary to spoof, ah! Laugh and spray!
Sorry, this microblogging has been deleted. View help: http://t.cn/8sYl7Qb
Heart such as the sea, the tide rises and falls, active, happy, singing, pull up strong arm, call youth. Not the vitality of youth, there is no love, no passion, no power, no health, without the courageous step forward battles. We can fail, but not pessimistic, we can not give up the ideal. The tide, ebb tide, this is the source of the hearts of the glamorous.
It is said that this is a new Shanghai cake shop Huangpu River cake ha ha ha...
[history of Bentley accelerated to the fastest car released limited 300 vehicles] Bentley released the new continental gt3-r high performance large GT roadster, the new limited edition 300 vehicles. The car has not yet announced the new car price. Bentley said the car is by far the fastest and most dynamic street car, Bentley hopes to improve its performance over the luxury car image.
Yorkshire first named "Cinderella" pig may is the world's first with mysophobia piglets, since birth, it has refused to brothers and sisters playing together in the mud; until recently master it ordered four little boots, it finally willing to mud and close.
Have a few bosom friends in life, do not have to hold method, willing to confide in me. Several friends and talk at the same time, to respect my hobbies with my opinion. Have a good soup, good cleaning dishes burned cook.
[mcdreams Yu debut lamp light hiphop hot dance cited screaming] mcdreams Yu, a new generation of 90 after, is the youth, passion, vitality.
Dyed steamed bread, lean meat, and pesticide which is more toxic? Fake, fake, fake wig which is more? Consumers crazy pit really terrible! Stand up, partners! To protect their rights and interests!
Life, live is the mood, need to have confidence. Life, is life, is busy, rushing, involuntarily, also continue to talk insincerely. The happiness of life, need to carry the normal heart. The reason why people are suffering, because the desire is too much, too little to meet.
Is it good to be pregnant? ] 1, if the body is in good condition, you can choose to work while pregnant. 2, as long as not very tired, you can continue to work, so also help to exercise. 3, but if you need to work every day at least 4 hours or more, it is recommended that you start a month to take maternity leave. 4, if your work environment is likely to be exposed to toxic and harmful substances, you must stay away from them.
It is a rose, bloom in the spring.
Do you want to know why you are here with you, and when you are together, the phone is ringing, or it is very vague, or not, especially when you're close. Euphemistically called don't want to spoil the atmosphere, in fact, is he afraid you bad. He was a good thing, if you say the word or what is the phone woman heard the supposed isn't that bad he wanted to become the Duan Zhengchun dream.
Romania sexy beauty Corina latest soft dance Ta A
United hung huge celebration of the dragon scroll Chinese characters
A group called "the mirror of the Holy Scriptures and the world foundation of painting," the organization claimed that they use the mirror in some of the famous works of the famous art master Da Finch in Italy to find hidden biblical figures and religious symbols.
A glass of milk and a cup of yogurt in the morning is the best of all. But some people particularly fond of yogurt, often after a large meal to drink yogurt, may cause weight gain. This is because the yogurt itself also contains a certain amount of heat, after a meal to drink yogurt is equivalent to an additional intake of these calories, caused a rise in weight. The best half an hour after a meal to drink, can regulate the intestinal flora, the health of the body.
Sorry, this microblogging has been deleted. View help: http://t.cn/8sYl7Qb
I believe that God created me for a purpose, but he also made me run very fast, and I can feel his pleasure when I run. ---- the chariot of fire
Sorry, this microblogging has been deleted. View help: http://t.cn/8sYl7Qb
[God into the sea of pink run] Ford Fab1 landair amphibious six wheeled car ~ ~ not only can speeding like General Motors, flying in the air, the water ~ ~ ~ bunker the!
[mechanical version of the Flemish dog? Animation "super spring robot" December 7 Launch] tear of the classic Japanese animation company again moved on the small screen will be "a dog of Flanders", but the theme has changed for robot theme of the daily show, the animated title for "super spring robot Patrasche", pre plan will be in 2013 December 7, Tokyo time 7:00 in the morning began in Tokyo MX program "'s a
Japanese estuaries of the town center and Spa Hotel in some bathrooms can see the beauty of Mount Fuji, and they are focused on the edge of the lake in the southeast.
[modified Volkswagen Sagitar appearance upgrade April published overseas media captured Volkswagen Jetta Sagitar domestic road test spy photos, and said the car will be opened in April at the New York Auto Show in the first. It is reported, the new car is mainly in the appearance of the larger changes, the tail of the car did not change.
[how self-test whether pregnancy] prepare pregnant women, in standing home pregnancy test stick, pregnant test paper etc., these items will let you in the first time the self-test is pregnant. Under normal circumstances, the early pregnancy test paper detection results there are two: the urine test on the test strip, such as in the control area of the test strip has a ribbon that is not pregnant, and vice versa, such as in the detection zone appears obvious color ribbon, it is positive, that is pregnant.
Fresh shrimps, cucumber, onion, ginger, salt, beer. 1, shrimp pick to shrimp line, cut shrimps and prawns foot; cucumber slices, ginger, onion slices; 2, heat wok, put a little oil, after the heat into the onions, ginger saute; 3, into the shrimp, small fire stir fry until shrimp is changed to red. Pour the beer, and simmer until the sauce; 4, gradually dried, add cucumber, add a little salt to taste, stir evenly.
[Guangzhou nearly half of the building use sand] for the Shenzhen sea sand events lead to dangerous, Guangzhou City Project Construction Committee organized a number of experts focused response to public concern topic. Several experts said that although the Guangzhou about half of the sand is sand, but after the strict desalination, you can rest assured that the use of.
Scorpio's spirit totem [reason] Scorpio is an inner reason like ice, also the thermographic blazing fire sign, rational control of all his actions, if you take off the shell of reason, revealing a fanatical side, will be unmanageable. Libra spirit totem [friends] Libra is a fear of depression, all the time to accompany the constellation, there is always a large group of friends, if friends abandon him, he will be dumb to eat bitter can not say
[DIY] 1 pork shred shredded pork with garlic sauce. Bamboo shoots, mushrooms are cut into silk, pork, Sheng into the bowl;. Sugar, vinegar, soy sauce, green onion, wet starch and broth put the same bowl inside, tune into Euryale ferox juice; 3. The wok on the stir, lard oil till the 6 into the heat, under the pork fried powder, add ginger, garlic and chopped red pepper foam Chaochu fragrance, then add bamboo shoots, mushrooms fried with a few, and then cooked into the Euryale ferox juice, Dianfan few serve.
In the rush of those years you are in my heart, my heart is the most deep place, in every lost corner! I believe you can see, I love you, try to make yourself good enough. Only in this way can we have emboldened told the people I love, I love you.
Fresh and elegant tender yellow hair? Coat collocation of white lace dress and the same color of cusp high-heeled shoes, it is to see how comfortable.
[Chongqing into new heights of Taiwanese investment] Dec. 21, Wang Chih Kang, chairman of the Taipei World Trade Center in the "Chongqing comprehensive economic cooperation pilot high-end forum" said, there are currently more than 1100 Taiwan funded enterprises in the development of Chongqing, a total investment of nearly 300 billion yuan. Chongqing is, the Midwest only set approval to Taiwan, direct flights to Taiwan, landed endorsements, upon the expiration of the term of the change permit endorsement and direct group travel to Taiwan five cities, the Chongqing and Taiwan cooperation
(lone Music) Kpop Top30 (103) Han Chinese singles list 2011
The United States at the same time to curb China and Russia in the "suicide"? ] the United States has been very busy recently, and sanctions against Russia, and the relationship between the intensification of the same. Russian experts on the phenomenon of this phenomenon is not polite to say, it is entirely a suicide policy". The United States this move is to keep the position of the leaders in Russia, but has been unable to. U.S. media think the United States must try to restore the relationship with the two countries, otherwise it will be a disaster.
[KTV] wonders of Dezhou in the morning and the fire suddenly sold earlier in a dream sister!!!
Behind each of the strenuous efforts, there must be double reward. Don't look for an excuse to fail, just to find a reason to succeed. Life is always to give people trouble, life is not perfect, twists and turns also scenery. The meaning of life is a constant pursuit. Don't wait for the miss to regret, don't wait for the old. Good time, seize every moment, zaikuzailei to fly.
[Sinopec intends to dismiss thousands of graduates students only pay 2 million] according to the economic observer, Sinopec is in a "termination of the storm", in the country, Sinopec multiple secondary subsidiary is thousands of fresh graduates and lift has signed the tripartite agreement. Zhongyuan Oilfield and Henan oil field to each be graduates of termination compensation of 2 million yuan, and they lifted the directional 2011 signed training agreement.
[] Saitama Saitama since ancient times is called "small edo". Here remains a many folk art and monuments, to Saitama Prefecture, walk in the streets and alleys can feel the streets of ancient Japanese style, very suitable for walking about.
[3 men after breaking up the first day] fornication: cancer - after breaking up a heavy hit made him feel too much trouble to talk about feelings. Second: Aquarius - once the break up is to give him an excuse to play to overcome the emotional injury. Third place: Capricorn - in order to balance because of the excessive suppression of mood, he clung to the "not to refuse, do not respond to" cynicism.
Believe that everyone with me, always hide some of the little fairies, they are God, the existence of the gods, roller my IQ and experience, shocked my young mind. They are the legendary bear children, agile and brave in life do not need to explain ~ what they are how arrogant new height, we find it difficult to match the level of overlooking the living beings? A witness!
How miserable 1 is not destiny, but we can only find a lost soul in the lonely. 2 I can love you. Pet you. Used to you. Indulge you. But. I will be tired of you know not to know. 3 general sort of me, the general sort of drag, the general sort of beauty I don't throw! 4 I shut my eyes, the world fell dead; I looked up, everything back to life. 5 some plainclothes SB, the naked eye is difficult to distinguish.
[before hitting the child, ask yourself 6 questions 1] if the child has the ability to fight back, will you play? 2 if your relatives or friends do not listen to you, you will fight it? 3 if you have your own responsibility, you will fight it? 4 have you set yourself by yourself? 5 do you think about your child's position? 6 in addition to the "butchers", you really have no choice?
Bunker! Too much! This is the original Maker Trouble dance prototype ah, this is the original Maker Trouble dance prototype ah!!! I said what a woman can be so talented.
[flumpool singing "Captain planet" theme song live PV released] in April began to broadcast animation "Captain planet" is produced by the Japanese company bones and works in Tanegashima, Japan for the stage description hold incredible memory juvenile and mystery of the giant robot wars; the product theme song by the Japanese rock band flumpool singing and music to promote the film yesterday at the official website released.
"17 years" is his advertisement for years to come, when he began to accept the years of test, when time is hoarse his voice, we know, some of the songs, never tire of hearing. Heard the audience together with Andy Lau a memory string, please stand aside time.
[6] a baby boy leg in Pakistan city that its people are born sukur be startled at. The baby was born with 6 legs, and 4 legs in addition to the sound of his legs. The baby had a rare genetic disease, which was one of the twins, but the other was in his body. Only four limbs in the outside. The disease called "the twins", the probability of occurrence is about 50
["demon" kindred skills display "demon" games to Yate, historical background, the coexistence of people, magic, God realms perfect situation display, transformation from man to God, to combat confrontation and inferno. Game to say goodbye to a person to play strange to upgrade the boring, to create "you are not a person in the battle," the concept of the game......
[twelve constellations can't say love] Aries, if expired; Taurus - don't believe; Gemini -- miss; cancer -- a coward; Leo -- to be proud, Virgo, much apprehension; - ning forget Libra, Scorpio, no courage; Sagittarius -- hate parting; Capricorn -- bitter reality; Aquarius, reluctant; Pisces - empty mournful.
The beauty of the mass is beautiful
Sid: hello. Let me introduce you, protein, egg shell, and egg yolk. Manny: you're so hard. I rescued SID, I'll kill him. -- "ice age"
The "intimate" as real no distance, only results in treatment can completely do not speak measured, the distance is getting more and more far, even all of a sudden become strangers, are likely. Do not go to the other person, no matter what the person is.
Kazakhstan design studio good recently designed a face pot, the design of a series of large and small pots, and use people's photos or pictures as a decorative pattern. Because the flower pots cover the head of the people, the plants in the pot as if people naturally grow out of hair. If you are interested, you might as well DIY.
The daily tragedy of the League of heroes, TOP3 352nd, is to destroy life.
The 16 year old Brook Town, the time to stop at the age of 4. Over the years, she has maintained a 6 month old baby, in addition to the hair and nails, the body has not been a trace of growth. Stop the growth of the case is very special, the pace of body organ development completely inconsistent, doctors said could solve the mystery of human illness and death from her!
Looking up at the window in the morning, the time flies well into the fall, so that the melancholy, you and miss who, listening to Atari Kousuke's "flower", singing the heart of the heart.
I'm just a surprise to you, you are a love for me. A person thinks the imprint is engraved on my heart. people have forgotten memories. Some people's love, only love". Specificity is not a lifetime only like a person, is like a person of the time.
"01" strawberry panic, called Asituolaya mountain, there are three schools for girls, built together. Shengmiatuolu, female, female, Shengse pickup, St Lim female academy. Then, in a little deviation from the construction site of the three schools, there are three schools in general quarters, strawberry.
If you can't face the truth, and give yourself a label, and to hide in a reasonable way, will continue to deepen the recognition of this concept, lower their expectations, to give their own lower evaluation.
Hearthstone legend gold Ranger Bi finals hearthstone developers interview
Here is a public (Crafter) of creative advertising, is not difficult to see, the public to all of its capacity to promote its capacity, through the use of transformers in the form of performance, so that the audience is intuitive and fresh to accept, a look at it.
[success in life of ten kinds of ultimate realm] (1) could - could words at heart a knife; II, Xuehaiwuya hard to make a boat; (3) to see -- seemingly flashy but empty; (4) to, try the world what is happening in the world, thinking -- Thinking of their own talents; sixthly, regret, regret will ruin their own; enlightenment, 7 -- understanding the Chinese side will be the right path; the sense of -- Thanksgiving always carry with; the goodness, kindness to people around; the ruthless, cruel wolf resort to shoot.
Hot dance School After "Dally Dilly", a good hard work of the dance, OK? Waiting for you to identify!
Baseball cap + printed denim jacket + cartoon shirt + jeans + sneakers. The overall mix colors, a strong sense of, cartoon elements and color of the collision is less age, short coat with waisted shorts just the right mix.
Love speaks to you When, in him believe, his voice may shatter your dreams as the North lays wind the waste though garden. when love to tell you, please believe her, even though she
Many recruiters they will search them on the job seeker to gain skill. So you have to think about your work experience, education, professional, expertise and certificates, all of which will be your key words.
[Wen rufang] because of ancient literature in the name of confucianism. Home "Jinshi world", song Jijiu Zheng Mu, Ming Dynasty Kangwo famous Zhangjing, David Gan Bing in Taiwan in the Qing Dynasty, the Qing Dynasty (five generations of scholars) Chen Chengxi the former residence of all is in the workshop. Chen Chengxi is the eldest son of Qing Xuantong emperor teacher Chen Baochen. Modern poet Chen Yan's home is also in the square.
